Logo University of Leeds Home 
Taught and research student operations 
Communicating with students: 
THE THEME OF CONTENT
 Academic life - this relates to the student journey in line with the academic year.
 Health and wellbeing - the health and support services/facilities available to students.
 Study support - the wide range of study related support available to students.
 Opportunities - what's available to students to help them make the most of their time at Leeds.
 Life at Leeds - this is about campus, making the most of university life and events that are happening on campus.
CHANNELS
The student communications team manage a number of channels that are used to inform students of university-wide messages, these are: 
Fortnightly email newsletters to undergraduate and taught postgraduate students - previous newsletters are available on the news section of the student website
A current student Facebook group - this is linked to the official University page
Twitter account for current students
students.leeds.ac.uk
The other channels used by the team, but not managed by them, are: campus-wide plasma screens, Minerva, the UniLeeds App and traditional items such as poster and leaflets. 
SUBMITTING YOUR CONTENT AND DEADLINE DATES
Complete this online form so that the student communications team can include it in their activities. You will need your university email address and password to sign in to the form. 
Information about deadline dates and when the newsletter is due to go out is below:

If you have any questions or need further support, please email the Student Communications team: studentcommunications@leeds.ac.uk

ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS:
Search
HOME ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS  YOUR ASSESSMENT QUESTIONS ANSWERED
YOUR ASSESSMENT QUESTIONS ANSWERED
Answers to the questions asked frequently by staff in schools and faculties
The Assessment & Progress Team are frequently asked questions relating to the rules and regulations.  The answers to the majority of these questions are already available on the SES Website. Whilst the Assessment & Progress Team aim to always be available to give guidance and advice, it is important that staff across the campus understand that the information is easily accessible through the SES Website.  
 The questions have been grouped and brief answers have been given including links to the relevant SES website pages.   If you have any further questions that are not covered, please contact the Assessment & Progress Team.
 As further questions and guidance requests are received, we may find it useful to update this information.
PROGRAMME AND MODULE RELATED QUESTIONS
WHAT DOES THE TERM “LEVEL” MEAN?
Level refers to the level of a module and its credits.
For example:
CHEM1002 - a level 1 module with a credit value of 20   i.e. 20 level-1 credits
BIOC2667 - a level 2 module with a credit value of 10
CIVE3772 - a level 3 module with a credit value of 40  i.e. 40 level-3 credits
LUBS5778M - a level M module with a credit value of 30
FLTU1559 - a level 1 module with a credit value of 10 which can be taken in any year of study that the programme specification allows.
This is also explained in the Rules for Award.

WHAT DOES THE TERM “YEAR” MEAN?
Year (called Class in the Classification Tool) is the study (Academic) year that a student studies.  Programmes are made up of modules and credits to a predetermined standard and are designed to run over a number of study years.
For example:
First year of study on BA English
A second year student on the BSc Math programme 
Penultimate year of study on BEng
Final year of study on BA Education (part-time) – which could be the student’s 6th year of study.
This is also explained in the Rules for Award.

HOW MANY CREDITS CAN A STUDENT STUDY?
Undergraduate full time students must study 120 credits per year on a full-time programme.
Taught Postgraduate full time students must study a minimum of 180 credits, of which at least 135 must be ‘M' level credits.
Refer to Modules and programmes explained, the Rules for Award and/or the Ordinances for more information.
HOW MANY ATTEMPTS DOES A STUDENT HAVE TO PASS A MODULE?
Undergraduate students who have a start date prior to academic term 2016/2017 are permitted three attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus up to two resits.
 
Original attempt – at the end of Semester One or Semester Two depending on the teaching of the module.
2nd attempt - in the August Re-examination/Assessment period following their original attempt, unless the school has specifically precluded them from their 2nd opportunity due to failure to make a serious attempt at the original opportunity.
3rd and final attempt – may be taken the following session when the module is offered as an external or carried module, unless exceptional circumstances permit internal re-sit.
Undergraduate students who have a start date in academic term 2016/2017 are permitted two attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus one resit.
 
Original attempt – at the end of Semester One or Semester Two depending on the teaching of the module.
2nd and final attempt - in the August Re-examination/Assessment period following their original attempt.
 
An exception to this rule is International Foundation year students who studied their foundation year in academic year 2015/2016. These students will continue under the old regulations and will be permitted three attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus up to two resits.
All taught postgraduate students are permitted two attempts to pass a module.
 
Original attempt – at the end of Semester One or Semester Two depending on the teaching of the module.
2nd attempt - in the August Re-examination/Assessment period or the following session depending on the timing of the original attempt.  Guidance must be sought from the parent school.  If the student does not attend the re-sit at the next opportunity, as stated by the school, the student will lose that final attempt and be marked Absent. 
 
Refer to Resit eligibility and registration for more information.
HOW DOES A STUDENT ENROL FOR THEIR ORIGINAL ATTEMPT?
When registering with the University, the student will automatically be registered for all of their compulsory examinations/assessments for the programme of study they have chosen. 
Refer to When to enrol on your modules on the For Students site for further information on modules and how and when to enrol on to modules.
WHEN CAN A STUDENT CHANGE A MODULE?
If, after the start of any semester's teaching, a student is considering a change in the modules that make up their programme of study, they should discuss the matter with an appropriate member of academic staff in their Parent School. A Change of Module form will need to be signed by their Parent School. Once signed, their Parent School will arrange for the change to be considered by any other teaching school affected. The change will only be authorised when all the schools agree.
Whether or not the student is permitted to change a module is likely to depend on a number of factors, including whether or not:
Their attendance record is satisfactory
Spare capacity is available in the receiving module
There is sufficient time for the student to catch up on any teaching or coursework assignments which have been missed.
Modules may not be changed after the fourth week of teaching unless there are exceptional circumstances; if agreed, any changes after week 4 are subject to a £50 administration charge. Refer to the Change of module on the Students SES site for more information. 
IF A STUDENT TRANSFERS TO A DIFFERENT PROGRAMME OF STUDY, DO THEY HAVE TO STUDY 120 CREDITS IF THEY HAVE ALREADY ACHIEVED SOME OF THE RELEVANT CREDITS?
Where a student transfers in credits against a programme – they are exempted from those credits and do not have to pick up a full diet.
For example:
Masters programme of 180 credits, students can transfer in up to 60 credits, and just study the remaining 120 credits.  They do not need to top up to 180 credits with other modules.  Refer to Transfer to a new programme for more information.
 
 
ASSESSMENT RELATED QUESTIONS INCLUDING RESITS, RESIT FEES, EXTERNAL AND OVERSEAS ASSESSMENTS
WHEN ARE THE UNIVERSITY ASSESSMENT PERIODS?
There are usually three University assessment periods each year - one at the end of each semester and a re-assessment period before the Summer Bank Holiday weekend in late August. During the academic year 2020/21, an assessment period will also be held in September, and for some cohorts, assessments will be arranged by schools at other times.  See Assessment Timetables for more information.
Assessments may be held on any of the days within the published assessment period, including weekends but excluding Bank Holiday Mondays.
Students are required to be available for all assessment sessions. (NB. Although the University timetable does not schedule assessments on Bank Holidays, the University reserves the right to re-schedule assessments on a Bank Holiday if necessary).
Refer to Assessment periods and timetable publication dates for further information.
WHEN IS AN UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT ELIGIBLE TO RE-SIT?
If a student does not pass enough credits or does not meet their programme requirements to be eligible to progress to the next year of study, they may be eligible to re-sit failed modules in the August re-assessment period, provided that a serious attempt at the exam in January or May/June was made and their teaching school has not excluded them from doing so (indicated by an “S” next to the grade).
Undergraduate students who have a start date prior to academic term 2016/2017 are permitted a third and final attempt which must be taken the following session when the module is offered as an external or carried module, unless exceptional circumstances permit internal re-sit.
Undergraduate students who have a start date in academic term 2016/2017 are permitted only two attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus one resit (August re-assessment period).
Finalists who have either a) failed the degree or b) achieved sufficient credits for the award of the Ordinary degree and are eligible to re-sit failed modules to upgrade their classification to Honours, are permitted to re-sit at the next offering of the failed module.
Any re-sit has to be taken at the next opportunity, and failure to do so will result in the loss of an attempt. Marks for modules which are not taken will be classified as Absent.
If the student has been granted a "first attempt" re-sit, they will need to confirm with their parent school if they wish to take it.  If they accept the opportunity to re-sit as a "first attempt", their original mark will be expunged and their result for the re-sit will apply, even if it is lower than their original mark.  Students should contact their Parent School to find out further information on "first attempts".
Refer to Resits for further information.
WHEN IS A TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE STUDENT ELIGIBLE TO RE-SIT?
Any re-sit has to be taken at the next opportunity, and failure to do so will result in the loss of an attempt. Marks for modules which are not taken will be classified as Absent.
If a student has failed a module they may retake it in August depending on if the re-sit is offered by the teaching school, and depending on their cohort (See Assessment Timetables for more information on cohorts).  Students must take advice from their schools as to when the re-assessment is offered. 
Refer to Resits for further information
WHAT ARE THE RULES FOR STUDENTS TAKING RE-SITS INTERNALLY/EXTERNALLY?
All undergraduate students are entitled to a re-sit in August (unless specifically precluded by the school).  Following the August re-assessment period, if an Undergraduate student with a start date prior to academic term 2016/2017, has failed a module which is a must pass to progress module, or the student has not achieved sufficient credits to progress, then the student must become an external student the following session. 
If the Undergraduate student has a start date in academic term 2016/2017 they are only permitted two attempts to pass a module.  If the student has failed a module which is a must pass to progress module, or the student has not achieved sufficient credits to progress, having been unsuccessful in their final attempt, they have exhausted all attempts and will therefore be required to withdraw from the University of Leeds.
Only in exceptional circumstances may a student be allowed to re-sit internally.  The exceptional circumstances may be:
The student has missed too much teaching to make any progress without further teaching.
The student has failed a laboratory module (element) and needs to use the laboratory facilities to be able to pass.
The student had mitigating circumstances and has been permitted to expunge the results of the year and retake the whole year internally as first attempts.  Refer to External/Carried module resits for more information.
HOW DOES A STUDENT APPLY TO RE-SIT?
The student must submit their re-sit application online via the Results and re-sit Application page (available through the Minerva using their University username and password from the beginning of July).  They must apply for any module which has any assessment they want to re-sit. They will be able to apply to re-sit by selecting ‘Yes’ next to the modules that they have failed and are eligible to re-sit. Their application will be recorded on Banner and processed by the Assessment & Progress team. 
Refer to Resits for further information, including the deadlines for applications to be submitted.
Undergraduate Finalists should refer to the Resits page for the deadline for applications. After the published deadline, if students are eligible for an award and have not applied to resit, they will be deemed to have accepted the award.
Taught Postgraduates wishing to apply to resit modules (where the results are provisional) must:
Download a re-sit Application Form from the Provisional Marks page (via the Minerva).
Fill out the form listing all modules they want to re-sit, including any which are re-assessed by coursework only. If they do not register for all re-assessments before the deadline for re-sit applications, they may be charged the increased administration fee.
Email the completed form to the Assessment & Progress Team. 
Non-finalists and Taught Postgraduates can still apply after the deadline by emailing the Assessment & Progress team. Applications received after the deadline will be subject to an increased administration fee.  For on-campus assessments, students will only be allocated a seat number if they submit their application by the deadline. If they apply after this, ad-hoc arrangements will be made when they arrive on the day.
Undergraduate Finalists who are eligible for an award will be deemed to have accepted it if they have not applied to resit by their deadline.  Late applications won't be accepted.
WHEN IS THE RE-ASSESSMENT PERIOD?
Re-sit assessment dates
Re-sit assessments generally take place in August (during the two weeks prior to the August bank holiday).  (See Assessment Timetables for more information on cohorts).
Unfortunately it isn't possible to find out the exact date of an assessment before the students apply to re-sit. This is because the timetable is produced once the information is known of which modules students have applied for.
Students should view their personal assessment timetable via Minerva (see Assessment Timetable publication dates).
Students should check that they have been entered for the appropriate exams, and tell the Assessment & Progress Team immediately about any discrepancies. 
Please refer to Assessment periods and timetable publication dates for further information.
Assessed-work deadlines
Students should contact their school directly to find out the deadlines for submitting assessed work.
Cancelling a re-sit application
Students should email the Assessment & Progress Team to cancel a re-sit application.
Students may only cancel up until the start of the relevant assessment period. After this, their application will stand and any re-sit fees will still be charged. Students will lose an attempt if they do not take the re-sit. 
Refer to Resits for further information.
HOW MUCH ARE THE RE-SIT FEES?
If the exam is a “first attempt”, there are no fees.
If the exam is not a “first attempt”, the re-sit fees are: £2.00 per credit (i.e. £20.00 for a 10 credit module) plus £50.00 administration fee (increases to £100 after the deadline). This is a one-off fee, which is the same regardless of how many modules the student takes.
Fees for re-sits taken in August will be charged to the student’s University account after 31 July. Fees for re-sits taken at other times of the year will be charged after the application has been processed.  You will receive a statement of fees by email and must pay immediately.  Failure to pay will result in late payment administration charges of £20 per month until the debt is repaid in full.  For further information, refer to http://www.leeds.ac.uk/students/waystopay and Resits.
CAN A STUDENT TAKE THEIR RE-SIT ASSESSMENT ABROAD?
Students may be eligible to sit their re-sit (or approved further first attempt) assessment abroad if:
The student's home address is outside of the UK and the assessments are taken in their home country.
The student is working or studying abroad as part of their programme.
The student is studying here as an exchange student and returning home.
If the student lives outside the UK, the location that they apply to resit at must be in their home country. The assessment must be suitable to be taken outside the University and a suitable assessment environment must be available (e.g. British Council; home university).
If eligible the Assessment & Progress Team will process the application.  If the student does not fall into any of the above category they will be advised to submit a further case to their Parent School, explaining their reason. 
The SSCC should hear the case and reach a decision on whether or not to permit the student to take the assessment overseas.  The assessment must be suitable to be taken outside the University, and a suitable assessment environment must be available (e.g. British Council; Home University).
Schools need to inform the student and the Assessment & Progress Team of the SSCC’s decision.  If permission to take the assessment overseas is granted, the Assessment & Progress Team will liaise with the student and the relevant hosting institution and make the necessary arrangements. 
Please refer to Taking assessments abroad for more information.
CAN A STUDENT RETAKE A MODULE THEY HAVE ALREADY PASSED?
OTHER QUESTIONS
HOW CAN STUDENTS ACCESS THEIR PROVISIONAL MARKS AND FINAL RESULTS?
Students use the Minerva to access their provisional marks and final results. If they need to re-sit any modules, they will need to submit an online application before the relevant deadline. Accessing results and re-sit application pages All results and re-sits application pages are available via the Minerva. To access these pages, the students:
Should log into the Minerva using their University username and password
On the toolbar in the top right, click the icon called ‘Academic Student Services’
Click the Examinations tab
Select Results and Resit Application
Select the term which has just been completed
Click on Submit
Provisional marks Students will be informed by their teaching school(s) when their provisional marks have been made available online.
Choose “Provisional Marks” from the menu on the Examinations tab in Academic Student Services. Some marks for postgraduate students are confirmed during June at the same time as undergraduate results, and may not be released as provisional. These marks will be available as final marks on the Official Results Day.
Dates for results and re-sit applications can be found in the timeline of events. 
Please refer to Results for more information.
Final results
Dates for final results can be found in the timeline of events. 
Students will see a list of their module marks and their award, if they have completed their programme. 
WHAT ARE SUPERNUMERARY MODULES AND HOW MANY CAN STUDENTS TAKE?
Supernumerary modules are modules chosen by students for interest only and are taken as extra credits on top of the normal amount of credits for the year (i.e. over 120 credits in any undergraduate Programme Year or over 180 in any postgraduate Programme Year).  This means the credits gained in supernumerary modules cannot be counted for progression (e.g. a student passing 70 credits plus a 10-credit supernumerary module is not permitted to include the supernumerary credits to give them the 80 credits required to progress) or classification purposes.
Where any supernumerary modules (i.e. over 120 credits in any undergraduate Programme Year or over 180 in any postgraduate Programme Year) are required to meet the learning outcomes of a specific programme, the rule as to whether these credits count for classification should be stated in the Programme Specification and made clear in corresponding material for students. Where students opt to take supernumerary modules outside of the Programme Specification these do not count towards classification.
Students are permitted to register for up to 20 credits of supernumerary modules each year (at the discretion of the parent school) and schools must inform the Exams and Progress team of the choice at the beginning of the session and before the deadline for changing modules*. Supernumerary modules will be recorded on Banner with a status of SN and marks gained for such modules will appear on official transcripts.  Refer to Supernumerary modules for further guidance.
*See the Timeline of Events for deadlines.
WHAT ARE AD-HOC/AD PERSONAM PROGRAMMES?
In exceptional circumstances it may be necessary to make time-limited amendments to a programme of study. Where these circumstances relate to one student or a small number of individual students, the amended programme is referred to as an ad personam programme variation.
Where the circumstances relate to an entire cohort of students, it is an ad hoc programme variation.  Any ad personam or ad hoc programme variation is subject to the approval of the relevant Pro Dean for Student Education, acting on behalf of the Faculty Taught Student Education Committee (FTSEC).
The Head of School must make a case for an ad personam or an ad hoc programme and forward this onto the Exams and Progress team, who will seek approval from the Pro Dean for Student Education.
Refer to Ad personam and ad hoc programme variation process for further guidance.
WHAT DRIVES THE ASSESSMENT 

PROGRESS TEAM DEADLINES?
Due to the University Assessment been a cyclical process, operating towards precise tight deadlines, the Assessment & Progress Team are bound by the dates published in the Timeline of Events.  This is produced in accordance with the forward planner which is approved by the Senate.  The organisation and planning required to work around the academic calendar whilst adhering to the deadlines published in the timeline is considerable.
The Timeline of Events is published on the web, and is a tool for all staff to use to be informed of the various deadlines that have to be met.
The timeline incorporates the deadlines for three teams of Programmes and Assessment – the Events, the Operations and the Assessment & Progress Teams.
The main drives to the Assessment & Progress Team deadlines are the assessment periods and the end of the year, when the results and pass lists have to be published.
Refer to the Timeline of Events for additional information.
STAFF INFORMATION

TAUGHT AND RESEARCH STUDENT OPERATIONS
Information on registration, enrolment, attendance monitoring, timetabling and what to do when a student leaves the University early.
 
STUDENT FINANCE
Find out about student funding, fees and charges, scholarships and bursaries and where students experiencing financial difficulties can get support.
 
ADMISSIONS
Guidance to help us in our aim to recruit the brightest and best students from all backgrounds through fair, consistent and transparent admissions processes.
 
STUDENT OPPORTUNITY
We provide many student opportunities including paid and volunteer roles in Leeds, the UK and abroad. Such activities can enhance a student's academic learning and work-related skills.
 
STUDENT SUPPORT
Providing students with appropriate support, whether in relation to disability, personal tutoring, emergency situations or counselling, helps to ensure they can make the most of their studies.
 
ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS
The University takes care to ensure its assessment methods and processes are effective, valid and transparent and have integrity.
 
QUALITY ASSURANCE
Quality assurance underpins the University’s excellence in student education. Find information about our quality assurance mechanisms here.
 
BOOKINGS, EVENTS AND FORMS
Information about contacts, the Student Education Service, viewing teaching timetables, making room bookings and training and development. Also includes policies and key documents and a calendar.
 
ABOUT THE STUDENT EDUCATION SERVICE
Find information about training, academic roles and general information about the Student Education Service
TRAINING & IMPORTANT DATES

	IMPORTANT DATES UPCOMING TRAINING
JUL
13
Module Enrolment
Module Enrolment opens for returning undergraduate students
 
JUL
23
Teaching ends (Cohort 5)
Teaching ends (cohort 5).
 
AUG
30
University closed
University closed for August Bank Holiday.
KEY PEOPLE

Catherine Lorigan
CATHERINE HAS RESPONSIBILITY FOR STUDENT FINANCE, PROGRAMMES AND ASSESSMENT, QUALITY ASSURANCE, POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH AND SUPPORT, STUDENT COUNTER SERVICES AND UKBA COMPLIANCE AND SUPPORT.

Catherine joined us from Santander UK, where she was Head of Cards Service Delivery. Over the past 15 years she also worked for GE Capital Bank Ltd and Williams Lea UK Ltd, managing large-scale programmes of organisational change, technical solutions delivery and customer service improvement.
Catherine Lorigan Director of Student Operations  
Luke Windsor Dean of Postgraduate Research Studies

CONTACTS
TAUGHT AND RESEARCH STUDENT OPERATIONS STUDENT FINANCE ADMISSIONS STUDENT OPPORTUNITY STUDENT SUPPORT ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS QUALITY ASSURANCE BOOKINGS, EVENTS AND FORMS ABOUT THE STUDENT EDUCATION SERVICE ABOUT
                                                                                     Taught and research student operations                                                                                                                 Student Finance                                                                                                                 Admissions                                                                                                                 Student Opportunity                                                                                                                 Student Support                                                                                                                 Assessment and exams                                                                                                                 Quality Assurance                                                                                                                 Bookings, events and forms                                                                                                                 About the Student Education Service                                                                                                                 About                                                                                                                             
Taught and research student operations
REGISTRATION, ENROLMENT AND ATTENDANCE GENERAL CONTACT
Email: enrolment@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 XXXX
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For queries about the module enrolment system, Banner module sections and compulsory blocks
REGISTRATION, ENROLMENT AND ATTENDANCE
Email: registration@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 7000
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For queries about student registration, including online registration and identity checks.
TIMETABLING
Email: timetable@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 4009
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Contact us if you need to book a room at the last minute or have a query about the timetabling process.
PROGRAMME AND MODULE CATALOGUES
Email: catalogue@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 7543
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For queries regarding the module and programme catalogues
Student Finance
STUDENT FINANCE GENERAL CONTACT
Email: ssc@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 8877
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: The Student Services Centre counter staff can help with queries about accommodation, finance, administrative queries, research students and more.
FUNDING AND AWARDS
Email: funding@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 2007
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Queries about funding - access to learning fund, study abroad, external funding, student loans.
FEES AND CHARGES
Email: Form21@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 6700
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Form21 submission and queries.
FEES AND CHARGES
Email: PGfees@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 6700
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Queries about postgraduate (including research degree) tuition and exam fees –instalment plans, changing payment details and how to pay tuition and exam charges.
FEES AND CHARGES
Email: Ugfees@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 6700
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Queries about undergraduate tuition and exam fees –instalment plans, changing payment details and how to pay tuition and exam charges.
Admissions
ADMISSIONS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: study@leeds.ac.uk agentenquiries@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 2336 / 0113 343 4044
Location:
Description: For general enquiries from external applicants and agents
ADMISSIONS
Email: ug_enquiry@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3920
Location:
Description: For internal undergraduate and taught postgraduate admissions queries , including offer-making and qualifications guidance, fees assessments and CASs.
Student Opportunity
STUDENT OPPORTUNITY GENERAL CONTACT
Email: K.M.Shaw@leeds.ac.uk
Phone:
Location:
Description:
EMPLOYABILITY
Email: careerscentre@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 5295
Location: Cromer Terrace
Description: Student Careers supports students to help them make informed decisions about their future and preparing them to compete in a global graduate job market. We do this through a range of activities delivered by our Central and Faculty Employability Teams.
EMPLOYABILITY
Email: employerteam@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 5290
Location: Cromer Terrace
Description: To contact the Employer Engagement Team
Student Support
DISABLED STUDENTS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: disability@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3927
Location: Chemistry West building
Description: Disability Services provides advice, guidance and support to both current and prospective disabled students. We work closely and in partnership with disabled students, academic departments and other services to improve access and navigate barriers for disabled students. Opening hours: Monday – Friday from 9am to 5 pm.
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Email: internationalstudents@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3930
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: The International Student Office provides specialist immigration advice along with welcome and orientation support for international students. Opening hours: 9am - 4.45pm Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri 10am - 4.45pm Wed. Immigration drop-in 10:30am Mon - Fri
Assessment and exams
EXAMS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: examinations@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3981
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For questions relating to University exams.
RESEARCH STUDENT ASSESSMENT
Email: rp_examinations@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 4003
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Postgraduate Research and Operations (Examinations) oversees and supports all elements of the examination process for all research students, supervisors, Postgraduate Research Tutors, internal and external examiners
Quality Assurance
QUALITY ASSURANCE GENERAL CONTACT
Email: QAT@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 2338
Location: 12.81 EC Stoner Building
Description: The Quality Assurance Team supports the development of learning and teaching policy and procedures.
Bookings, events and forms
BOOKINGS, EVENTS AND FORMS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: sescommunications@leeds.ac.uk
Phone:
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For feedback on the website/newsletter or if information needs changing and updating
ROOM BOOKINGS
Email: timetable@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 4009
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Contact us if you need to book a room at the last minute or have a query about the timetabling process.
About the Student Education Service
About
  

