Logo University of Leeds Home 
Taught and research student operations 
Communicating with students: 
THE THEME OF CONTENT
 Academic life - this relates to the student journey in line with the academic year.
 Health and wellbeing - the health and support services/facilities available to students.
 Study support - the wide range of study related support available to students.
 Opportunities - what's available to students to help them make the most of their time at Leeds.
 Life at Leeds - this is about campus, making the most of university life and events that are happening on campus.
CHANNELS
The student communications team manage a number of channels that are used to inform students of university-wide messages, these are: 
Fortnightly email newsletters to undergraduate and taught postgraduate students - previous newsletters are available on the news section of the student website
A current student Facebook group - this is linked to the official University page
Twitter account for current students
students.leeds.ac.uk
The other channels used by the team, but not managed by them, are: campus-wide plasma screens, Minerva, the UniLeeds App and traditional items such as poster and leaflets. 
SUBMITTING YOUR CONTENT AND DEADLINE DATES
Complete this online form so that the student communications team can include it in their activities. You will need your university email address and password to sign in to the form. 
Information about deadline dates and when the newsletter is due to go out is below:

If you have any questions or need further support, please email the Student Communications team: studentcommunications@leeds.ac.uk

ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS:
Search
HOME ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS  YOUR ASSESSMENT QUESTIONS ANSWERED
YOUR ASSESSMENT QUESTIONS ANSWERED
Answers to the questions asked frequently by staff in schools and faculties
The Assessment & Progress Team are frequently asked questions relating to the rules and regulations.  The answers to the majority of these questions are already available on the SES Website. Whilst the Assessment & Progress Team aim to always be available to give guidance and advice, it is important that staff across the campus understand that the information is easily accessible through the SES Website.  
 The questions have been grouped and brief answers have been given including links to the relevant SES website pages.   If you have any further questions that are not covered, please contact the Assessment & Progress Team.
 As further questions and guidance requests are received, we may find it useful to update this information.
PROGRAMME AND MODULE RELATED QUESTIONS
WHAT DOES THE TERM “LEVEL” MEAN?
Level refers to the level of a module and its credits.
For example:
CHEM1002 - a level 1 module with a credit value of 20   i.e. 20 level-1 credits
BIOC2667 - a level 2 module with a credit value of 10
CIVE3772 - a level 3 module with a credit value of 40  i.e. 40 level-3 credits
LUBS5778M - a level M module with a credit value of 30
FLTU1559 - a level 1 module with a credit value of 10 which can be taken in any year of study that the programme specification allows.
This is also explained in the Rules for Award.
WHAT DOES THE TERM “YEAR” MEAN?
Year (called Class in the Classification Tool) is the study (Academic) year that a student studies.  Programmes are made up of modules and credits to a predetermined standard and are designed to run over a number of study years.
For example:
First year of study on BA English
A second year student on the BSc Math programme 
Penultimate year of study on BEng
Final year of study on BA Education (part-time) – which could be the student’s 6th year of study.
This is also explained in the Rules for Award.
HOW MANY CREDITS CAN A STUDENT STUDY?
Undergraduate full time students must study 120 credits per year on a full-time programme.
Taught Postgraduate full time students must study a minimum of 180 credits, of which at least 135 must be ‘M' level credits.
Refer to Modules and programmes explained, the Rules for Award and/or the Ordinances for more information.
HOW MANY ATTEMPTS DOES A STUDENT HAVE TO PASS A MODULE?
Undergraduate students who have a start date prior to academic term 2016/2017 are permitted three attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus up to two resits.
 
Original attempt – at the end of Semester One or Semester Two depending on the teaching of the module.
2nd attempt - in the August Re-examination/Assessment period following their original attempt, unless the school has specifically precluded them from their 2nd opportunity due to failure to make a serious attempt at the original opportunity.
3rd and final attempt – may be taken the following session when the module is offered as an external or carried module, unless exceptional circumstances permit internal re-sit.
Undergraduate students who have a start date in academic term 2016/2017 are permitted two attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus one resit.
 
Original attempt – at the end of Semester One or Semester Two depending on the teaching of the module.
2nd and final attempt - in the August Re-examination/Assessment period following their original attempt.
 
An exception to this rule is International Foundation year students who studied their foundation year in academic year 2015/2016. These students will continue under the old regulations and will be permitted three attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus up to two resits.
All taught postgraduate students are permitted two attempts to pass a module.
 
Original attempt – at the end of Semester One or Semester Two depending on the teaching of the module.
2nd attempt - in the August Re-examination/Assessment period or the following session depending on the timing of the original attempt.  Guidance must be sought from the parent school.  If the student does not attend the re-sit at the next opportunity, as stated by the school, the student will lose that final attempt and be marked Absent. 
 
Refer to Resit eligibility and registration for more information.
HOW DOES A STUDENT ENROL FOR THEIR ORIGINAL ATTEMPT?
When registering with the University, the student will automatically be registered for all of their compulsory examinations/assessments for the programme of study they have chosen. 
Refer to When to enrol on your modules on the For Students site for further information on modules and how and when to enrol on to modules.
WHEN CAN A STUDENT CHANGE A MODULE?
If, after the start of any semester's teaching, a student is considering a change in the modules that make up their programme of study, they should discuss the matter with an appropriate member of academic staff in their Parent School. A Change of Module form will need to be signed by their Parent School. Once signed, their Parent School will arrange for the change to be considered by any other teaching school affected. The change will only be authorised when all the schools agree.
Whether or not the student is permitted to change a module is likely to depend on a number of factors, including whether or not:
Their attendance record is satisfactory
Spare capacity is available in the receiving module
There is sufficient time for the student to catch up on any teaching or coursework assignments which have been missed.
Modules may not be changed after the fourth week of teaching unless there are exceptional circumstances; if agreed, any changes after week 4 are subject to a £50 administration charge. Refer to the Change of module on the Students SES site for more information. 
IF A STUDENT TRANSFERS TO A DIFFERENT PROGRAMME OF STUDY, DO THEY HAVE TO STUDY 120 CREDITS IF THEY HAVE ALREADY ACHIEVED SOME OF THE RELEVANT CREDITS?
Where a student transfers in credits against a programme – they are exempted from those credits and do not have to pick up a full diet.
For example:
Masters programme of 180 credits, students can transfer in up to 60 credits, and just study the remaining 120 credits.  They do not need to top up to 180 credits with other modules.  Refer to Transfer to a new programme for more information.
 
 
ASSESSMENT RELATED QUESTIONS INCLUDING RESITS, RESIT FEES, EXTERNAL AND OVERSEAS ASSESSMENTS
WHEN ARE THE UNIVERSITY ASSESSMENT PERIODS?
There are usually three University assessment periods each year - one at the end of each semester and a re-assessment period before the Summer Bank Holiday weekend in late August. During the academic year 2020/21, an assessment period will also be held in September, and for some cohorts, assessments will be arranged by schools at other times.  See Assessment Timetables for more information.
Assessments may be held on any of the days within the published assessment period, including weekends but excluding Bank Holiday Mondays.
Students are required to be available for all assessment sessions. (NB. Although the University timetable does not schedule assessments on Bank Holidays, the University reserves the right to re-schedule assessments on a Bank Holiday if necessary).
Refer to Assessment periods and timetable publication dates for further information.
WHEN IS AN UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT ELIGIBLE TO RE-SIT?
If a student does not pass enough credits or does not meet their programme requirements to be eligible to progress to the next year of study, they may be eligible to re-sit failed modules in the August re-assessment period, provided that a serious attempt at the exam in January or May/June was made and their teaching school has not excluded them from doing so (indicated by an “S” next to the grade).
Undergraduate students who have a start date prior to academic term 2016/2017 are permitted a third and final attempt which must be taken the following session when the module is offered as an external or carried module, unless exceptional circumstances permit internal re-sit.
Undergraduate students who have a start date in academic term 2016/2017 are permitted only two attempts to pass a module; the first attempt plus one resit (August re-assessment period).
Finalists who have either a) failed the degree or b) achieved sufficient credits for the award of the Ordinary degree and are eligible to re-sit failed modules to upgrade their classification to Honours, are permitted to re-sit at the next offering of the failed module.
Any re-sit has to be taken at the next opportunity, and failure to do so will result in the loss of an attempt. Marks for modules which are not taken will be classified as Absent.
If the student has been granted a "first attempt" re-sit, they will need to confirm with their parent school if they wish to take it.  If they accept the opportunity to re-sit as a "first attempt", their original mark will be expunged and their result for the re-sit will apply, even if it is lower than their original mark.  Students should contact their Parent School to find out further information on "first attempts".
Refer to Resits for further information.
WHEN IS A TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE STUDENT ELIGIBLE TO RE-SIT?
Any re-sit has to be taken at the next opportunity, and failure to do so will result in the loss of an attempt. Marks for modules which are not taken will be classified as Absent.
If a student has failed a module they may retake it in August depending on if the re-sit is offered by the teaching school, and depending on their cohort (See Assessment Timetables for more information on cohorts).  Students must take advice from their schools as to when the re-assessment is offered. 
Refer to Resits for further information
WHAT ARE THE RULES FOR STUDENTS TAKING RE-SITS INTERNALLY/EXTERNALLY?
All undergraduate students are entitled to a re-sit in August (unless specifically precluded by the school).  Following the August re-assessment period, if an Undergraduate student with a start date prior to academic term 2016/2017, has failed a module which is a must pass to progress module, or the student has not achieved sufficient credits to progress, then the student must become an external student the following session. 
If the Undergraduate student has a start date in academic term 2016/2017 they are only permitted two attempts to pass a module.  If the student has failed a module which is a must pass to progress module, or the student has not achieved sufficient credits to progress, having been unsuccessful in their final attempt, they have exhausted all attempts and will therefore be required to withdraw from the University of Leeds.
Only in exceptional circumstances may a student be allowed to re-sit internally.  The exceptional circumstances may be:
The student has missed too much teaching to make any progress without further teaching.
The student has failed a laboratory module (element) and needs to use the laboratory facilities to be able to pass.
The student had mitigating circumstances and has been permitted to expunge the results of the year and retake the whole year internally as first attempts.  Refer to External/Carried module resits for more information.
HOW DOES A STUDENT APPLY TO RE-SIT?
The student must submit their re-sit application online via the Results and re-sit Application page (available through the Minerva using their University username and password from the beginning of July).  They must apply for any module which has any assessment they want to re-sit. They will be able to apply to re-sit by selecting ‘Yes’ next to the modules that they have failed and are eligible to re-sit. Their application will be recorded on Banner and processed by the Assessment & Progress team. 
Refer to Resits for further information, including the deadlines for applications to be submitted.
Undergraduate Finalists should refer to the Resits page for the deadline for applications. After the published deadline, if students are eligible for an award and have not applied to resit, they will be deemed to have accepted the award.
Taught Postgraduates wishing to apply to resit modules (where the results are provisional) must:
Download a re-sit Application Form from the Provisional Marks page (via the Minerva).
Fill out the form listing all modules they want to re-sit, including any which are re-assessed by coursework only. If they do not register for all re-assessments before the deadline for re-sit applications, they may be charged the increased administration fee.
Email the completed form to the Assessment & Progress Team. 
Non-finalists and Taught Postgraduates can still apply after the deadline by emailing the Assessment & Progress team. Applications received after the deadline will be subject to an increased administration fee.  For on-campus assessments, students will only be allocated a seat number if they submit their application by the deadline. If they apply after this, ad-hoc arrangements will be made when they arrive on the day.
Undergraduate Finalists who are eligible for an award will be deemed to have accepted it if they have not applied to resit by their deadline.  Late applications won't be accepted.
WHEN IS THE RE-ASSESSMENT PERIOD?
Re-sit assessment dates
Re-sit assessments generally take place in August (during the two weeks prior to the August bank holiday).  (See Assessment Timetables for more information on cohorts).
Unfortunately it isn't possible to find out the exact date of an assessment before the students apply to re-sit. This is because the timetable is produced once the information is known of which modules students have applied for.
Students should view their personal assessment timetable via Minerva (see Assessment Timetable publication dates).
Students should check that they have been entered for the appropriate exams, and tell the Assessment & Progress Team immediately about any discrepancies. 
Please refer to Assessment periods and timetable publication dates for further information.
Assessed-work deadlines
Students should contact their school directly to find out the deadlines for submitting assessed work.
Cancelling a re-sit application
Students should email the Assessment & Progress Team to cancel a re-sit application.
Students may only cancel up until the start of the relevant assessment period. After this, their application will stand and any re-sit fees will still be charged. Students will lose an attempt if they do not take the re-sit. 
Refer to Resits for further information.
HOW MUCH ARE THE RE-SIT FEES?
If the exam is a “first attempt”, there are no fees.
If the exam is not a “first attempt”, the re-sit fees are: £2.00 per credit (i.e. £20.00 for a 10 credit module) plus £50.00 administration fee (increases to £100 after the deadline). This is a one-off fee, which is the same regardless of how many modules the student takes.
Fees for re-sits taken in August will be charged to the student’s University account after 31 July. Fees for re-sits taken at other times of the year will be charged after the application has been processed.  You will receive a statement of fees by email and must pay immediately.  Failure to pay will result in late payment administration charges of £20 per month until the debt is repaid in full.  For further information, refer to http://www.leeds.ac.uk/students/waystopay and Resits.
CAN A STUDENT TAKE THEIR RE-SIT ASSESSMENT ABROAD?
Students may be eligible to sit their re-sit (or approved further first attempt) assessment abroad if:
The student's home address is outside of the UK and the assessments are taken in their home country.
The student is working or studying abroad as part of their programme.
The student is studying here as an exchange student and returning home.
If the student lives outside the UK, the location that they apply to resit at must be in their home country. The assessment must be suitable to be taken outside the University and a suitable assessment environment must be available (e.g. British Council; home university).
If eligible the Assessment & Progress Team will process the application.  If the student does not fall into any of the above category they will be advised to submit a further case to their Parent School, explaining their reason. 
The SSCC should hear the case and reach a decision on whether or not to permit the student to take the assessment overseas.  The assessment must be suitable to be taken outside the University, and a suitable assessment environment must be available (e.g. British Council; Home University).
Schools need to inform the student and the Assessment & Progress Team of the SSCC’s decision.  If permission to take the assessment overseas is granted, the Assessment & Progress Team will liaise with the student and the relevant hosting institution and make the necessary arrangements. 
Please refer to Taking assessments abroad for more information.
CAN A STUDENT RETAKE A MODULE THEY HAVE ALREADY PASSED?
OTHER QUESTIONS
HOW CAN STUDENTS ACCESS THEIR PROVISIONAL MARKS AND FINAL RESULTS?
Students use the Minerva to access their provisional marks and final results. If they need to re-sit any modules, they will need to submit an online application before the relevant deadline. Accessing results and re-sit application pages All results and re-sits application pages are available via the Minerva. To access these pages, the students:
Should log into the Minerva using their University username and password
On the toolbar in the top right, click the icon called ‘Academic Student Services’
Click the Examinations tab
Select Results and Resit Application
Select the term which has just been completed
Click on Submit
Provisional marks Students will be informed by their teaching school(s) when their provisional marks have been made available online.
Choose “Provisional Marks” from the menu on the Examinations tab in Academic Student Services. Some marks for postgraduate students are confirmed during June at the same time as undergraduate results, and may not be released as provisional. These marks will be available as final marks on the Official Results Day.
Dates for results and re-sit applications can be found in the timeline of events. 
Please refer to Results for more information.
Final results
Dates for final results can be found in the timeline of events. 
Students will see a list of their module marks and their award, if they have completed their programme. 
WHAT ARE SUPERNUMERARY MODULES AND HOW MANY CAN STUDENTS TAKE?
Supernumerary modules are modules chosen by students for interest only and are taken as extra credits on top of the normal amount of credits for the year (i.e. over 120 credits in any undergraduate Programme Year or over 180 in any postgraduate Programme Year).  This means the credits gained in supernumerary modules cannot be counted for progression (e.g. a student passing 70 credits plus a 10-credit supernumerary module is not permitted to include the supernumerary credits to give them the 80 credits required to progress) or classification purposes.
Where any supernumerary modules (i.e. over 120 credits in any undergraduate Programme Year or over 180 in any postgraduate Programme Year) are required to meet the learning outcomes of a specific programme, the rule as to whether these credits count for classification should be stated in the Programme Specification and made clear in corresponding material for students. Where students opt to take supernumerary modules outside of the Programme Specification these do not count towards classification.
Students are permitted to register for up to 20 credits of supernumerary modules each year (at the discretion of the parent school) and schools must inform the Exams and Progress team of the choice at the beginning of the session and before the deadline for changing modules*. Supernumerary modules will be recorded on Banner with a status of SN and marks gained for such modules will appear on official transcripts.  Refer to Supernumerary modules for further guidance.
*See the Timeline of Events for deadlines.
WHAT ARE AD-HOC/AD PERSONAM PROGRAMMES?
In exceptional circumstances it may be necessary to make time-limited amendments to a programme of study. Where these circumstances relate to one student or a small number of individual students, the amended programme is referred to as an ad personam programme variation.
Where the circumstances relate to an entire cohort of students, it is an ad hoc programme variation.  Any ad personam or ad hoc programme variation is subject to the approval of the relevant Pro Dean for Student Education, acting on behalf of the Faculty Taught Student Education Committee (FTSEC).
The Head of School must make a case for an ad personam or an ad hoc programme and forward this onto the Exams and Progress team, who will seek approval from the Pro Dean for Student Education.
Refer to Ad personam and ad hoc programme variation process for further guidance.
WHAT DRIVES THE ASSESSMENT 

PROGRESS TEAM DEADLINES?
Due to the University Assessment been a cyclical process, operating towards precise tight deadlines, the Assessment & Progress Team are bound by the dates published in the Timeline of Events.  This is produced in accordance with the forward planner which is approved by the Senate.  The organisation and planning required to work around the academic calendar whilst adhering to the deadlines published in the timeline is considerable.
The Timeline of Events is published on the web, and is a tool for all staff to use to be informed of the various deadlines that have to be met.
The timeline incorporates the deadlines for three teams of Programmes and Assessment – the Events, the Operations and the Assessment & Progress Teams.
The main drives to the Assessment & Progress Team deadlines are the assessment periods and the end of the year, when the results and pass lists have to be published.
Refer to the Timeline of Events for additional information.
STAFF INFORMATION

TAUGHT AND RESEARCH STUDENT OPERATIONS
Information on registration, enrolment, attendance monitoring, timetabling and what to do when a student leaves the University early.
TAUGHT AND RESEARCH STUDENT OPERATIONS
Information on registration, enrolment, attendance monitoring, timetabling and what to do when a student leaves the University early.
Find out how to support students on their journeys through University, from registration to procedures to follow when a student chooses to leave early.
PROGRAMME SUPPORT-RELATED POLICIES
Find information to help support students on their programmes of study.

PROGRAMME SUPPORT-RELATED POLICIES
Find information to help support students on their programmes of study.
ACCREDITATION (TAUGHT PROGRAMMES)
A number of our programmes have external accreditation.
ACCREDITATION (TAUGHT PROGRAMMES)
A number of our programmes have external accreditation.
Schools are required to declare which of their programmes are accredited by professional, statutory and regulatory bodies (PSRBs), what the accreditation or inspection arrangements are and inform the QA Team of amendments. The QA Team maintain an accurate database of all accreditations across the institution.
Schools are required to provide the reports and any action plans arising from accreditation visits to enable the QA Functional lead to upload the documents to a central repository. Reports from the PSRBs are considered through academic review processes.
The QA Team review accreditation reports and produce an annual report to the Taught Student Education Board (TSEB) outlining the institutional status of PSRB and accreditations, and highlighting any issues of institutional significance.
More details can be found in the Policy on PSRBs and Accreditation.

ATTENDANCE CODE OF PRACTICE (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
Students are expected to attend all timetabled sessions. The University is clear about its expectations of students and in the information that schools provide to students to enable them to attend regularly.
 
ATTENDANCE CODE OF PRACTICE (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
Students are expected to attend all timetabled sessions. The University is clear about its expectations of students and in the information that schools provide to students to enable them to attend regularly.
UNIVERSITY CODE OF PRACTICE
The sessions organised as part of a programme of study - lectures, group work, laboratory work, tutorials, seminars and practical classes - are a crucial part of enabling students to achieve the maximum benefit from their time at the University.
Attendance at designated online and remote sessions is compulsory irrespective of whether or not a module forms a core, optional or elective part of a programme of study.
Schools will have procedures for students to report absence / monitor engagement and make clear the procedures for students to apply for leave of absence in exceptional circumstances.
Schools will have a clear process for monitoring student engagement and addressing any patterns of non-attendance (no or low engagement) at an early stage. Where non-attendance is a potential problem a "warning system" will be in place for the student. If the problem continues the Unsatisfactory Work, Attendance and Engagement procedure will be used.
Co-curricular activities and paid employment must normally be fitted around formal timetable commitments. Wednesday afternoons, that is from 1.00pm, will normally be kept free for co-curricular activities. On occasions where a student is involved in a University supported activity, eg competing in a national sporting event or representing the University in a sporting event, which involves leaving a timetabled session before 1.00pm they must notify the tutor in advance in order to discuss how the session commitments might be met in another way. It is the responsibility of the student to find out what work has been missed and to complete any tasks set.
Schools will indicate normal teaching hours making special arrangements to meet the needs of students undertaking religious observance.
Schools will make clear the preparation students are expected to undertake before each timetabled session and whether supporting material is needed for use in class.
Sessions will start promptly at five minutes past the hour and end promptly at five minutes to the hour, unless otherwise agreed with students for a particular session/module. 
Timetabled sessions will only be cancelled in exceptional and unavoidable circumstances, eg staff illness, and alternative arrangements made to minimise disruption for students. 
Staff will all be made aware of the school policy on non-engagement to prevent variability in the treatment of students.
The school policy on engagement will be considered annually by the student:staff committee.
The Dean of Faculty is responsible for ensuring compliance by schools with this code of practice.

ATTENDANCE MONITORING (POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This document includes policy, guidance and examples of good practice in relation to attendance monitoring by staff in schools.
ATTENDANCE MONITORING (POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This document includes policy, guidance and examples of good practice in relation to attendance monitoring by staff in schools.
The guidance included in the policy document (PDF) relates to postgraduate research students and also explains the requirements of UK Visas and Immigration for monitoring international students under the Points Based System.
RESEARCH DEGREE-RELATED POLICIES
ATTENDANCE MONITORING FOR PGR STUDENTS
Attendance monitoring for PGR students
	PGR Attendance Monitoring
AUDIO AND VISUAL IN STUDENT EDUCATION
This policy relates to recording of activities with an educational purpose by the University, its students or others.
AUDIO AND VISUAL IN STUDENT EDUCATION
This policy relates to recording of activities with an educational purpose by the University, its students or others.
The document also includes the Sensitive data consent form and recording notice template.
The Policy on audio or video recording for educational purposes and further guidance for heads of schools are available from the Secretariat website.
BLENDED LEARNING STRATEGY
Refreshed strategy to reflect advances which are transforming the tools available for blended learning, including MOOCs, lecture capture and multimedia management capabilities, social media, Open Educational Resources and mobile devices.
BLENDED LEARNING STRATEGY
Refreshed strategy to reflect advances which are transforming the tools available for blended learning, including MOOCs, lecture capture and multimedia management capabilities, social media, Open Educational Resources and mobile devices.
The strategy document also includes templates for school and faculty blended learning strategy action plans and an outline of the blended learning academic champion role.
COMMITTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY
The Secretariat (via its Governance Support and Corporate Affairs teams) is responsible for servicing several of the University's key governing and operational committees.

COMMITTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY
The Secretariat (via its Governance Support and Corporate Affairs teams) is responsible for servicing several of the University's key governing and operational committees.
Find out more about the committees on the Secretariat website.
COMMITTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY 
Council 
Animal Welfare and Ethical Review Committee Audit and Risk Equality and Inclusion Gift Acceptance Committee Grievance Committee Health and Safety Nominating and Governance Committee Remuneration Strategy and Investment Student Discipline Student Health and Conduct University Research Ethics Committee
COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE
Senate
Applications
Graduate Board
Research and Innovation Board
Taught Student Education Board
Taught Student Recruitment Committee
University Special Cases Committee
COMMITTEES OF THE COURT
Court
Honorary Degrees
Executive Committee
University Executive Group
OTHER COMMITTEES
Employment Security Review Group
Professorial and Higher Academic-Related Staff Salaries
DATA PROTECTION
The University needs to process certain information about its employees, students and other individuals. In so doing, the University must comply with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
DATA PROTECTION
The University needs to process certain information about its employees, students and other individuals. In so doing, the University must comply with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
The University code of practice on data protection, owned by the Secretariat, explains the University's approach to compliance with data protection law, how data can be accessed and the obligations on staff and students who come into contact with personal data. The University data protection website provides current advice and guidance.
The University Retention Schedule (PDF), provides guidance for staff on how long different types of records should be kept for.
The request form for access to personal data (PDF) can be used by individuals who wish to access the data the University holds about them Any request for access to data, or in relation to individual rights regarding personal data, should be forwarded to Rebecca Messenger-Clark in the Secretariat at r.messenger-clark@adm.leeds.ac.uk. 
DIGITAL STRATEGY FOR STUDENT EDUCATION
This strategy document sets out the University's expectations for the provision of digital technologies and services for taught students aimed at enhancing the quality of the student experience.
 DIGITAL STRATEGY FOR STUDENT EDUCATION
This strategy document sets out the University's expectations for the provision of digital technologies and services for taught students aimed at enhancing the quality of the student experience.
Download the digital strategy (PDF) to read about the digital technologies and services to be provided for all students at the University and the target expectations for 2017.
DISTANCE LEARNING (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
There are some additional considerations for distance learning provision during both programme approval and ongoing review stages. These are described in this policy.
DISTANCE LEARNING (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
There are some additional considerations for distance learning provision during both programme approval and ongoing review stages. These are described in this policy.
Flexible and distributed learning refers to educational provision, leading to credit or an award of the University, that is delivered, supported and assessed without a student having to be physically located within the University (or other designated locations of study).  
The University policy (PDF) outlines the additional considerations applying to this range of educational provision. 
 
ENGAGEMENT MONITORING (ATTENDANCE)
This document includes policy, guidance and examples of good practice in relation to attendance monitoring by staff in schools.
ENGAGEMENT MONITORING (ATTENDANCE)
This document includes policy, guidance and examples of good practice in relation to attendance monitoring by staff in schools.
The guidance included in the policy document (PDF) relates to all cohorts of students and also explains the requirements of UK Visas and Immigration for monitoring international students under the Points Based System.
EQUALITY AND INCLUSION
Inclusiveness is one of the core University values. This framework explains how we will incorporate inclusiveness throughout our cultures, business and day-to-day organisational practice.
EQUALITY AND INCLUSION
Inclusiveness is one of the core University values. This framework explains how we will incorporate inclusiveness throughout our cultures, business and day-to-day organisational practice.
The equality and inclusion framework, on the Equality Policy Unit website, provides information about how equality and inclusiveness are integral to our culture.
JOINT HONOURS DEFINITION (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
A joint honours programme is an interdisciplinary programme where students combine two different subjects in approximately equal proportions in line with the University definition of joint honours.
JOINT HONOURS DEFINITION (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
A joint honours programme is an interdisciplinary programme where students combine two different subjects in approximately equal proportions in line with the University definition of joint honours.
Find out more about the Definition of joint honours (PDF).
MODULE ENROLMENT GUIDES
Guides for staff who support students through the module enrolment process.
MODULE ENROLMENT GUIDES
Guides for staff who support students through the module enrolment process.
Module enrolment guide for staff (PDF)
Quick reference guide to module enrolment (PDF)
Module enrolment full instructions (PDF)
Module enrolment PowerPoint presentation (.ppt)
OPEN EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
This document sets out the University’s position and guidance on the use and publication of Open Educational Resources within educational situations at the University.
 OPEN EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
This document sets out the University’s position and guidance on the use and publication of Open Educational Resources within educational situations at the University.
The University encourages staff and students to use, create and publish Open Educational Resources (OERs) so long as they are consistent with the University's reputation and values. 
Guidance on creating and publishing OERs is provided in the Open Educational Resources document. 
ORDINANCES
Ordinances define the qualifications the University awards and the associated regulations. They form part of the University Constitution.
ORDINANCES
Ordinances define the qualifications the University awards and the associated regulations. They form part of the University Constitution.
The full set of ordinances is held on the Secretariat website. Those which are particularly relevant to the Student Education Service are:
Ordinance X (research degrees)
Ordinance IX (first degrees and undergraduate awards)
Ordinance XI (taught postgraduate awards)
Ordinance XI (higher doctorates)
PROGRAMMES OF STUDY FOR RESEARCH DEGREE AWARDS 
To qualify for an award, each candidate must meet the required learning outcomes for their registered programme of study.
Each programme of study below sets out the learning outcomes, transferable key skills, learning context and assessment information for all research degree programmes: 
Doctoral Degrees
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD)
Doctor of Medicine (MD)
Doctor of Paediatric Dentistry (DPaedDent)
Doctor of Clinical Dentistry (DClinDent)
Doctor of Health and Social Care (DHSC)
Doctor of Education (EdD) 
Doctor of Clinical Psychology (DClinPsychol)
Doctor of Clinical Education (DClinEdD))
Master by Research
Master by Research
Master of Philosophy
Master of Philosophy (MPhil)
Integrated degrees of PhD and Master
Integrated degrees of PhD and Master (General)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc in Oral Science (Paediatric Dentistry)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Low Carbon Technologies)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Nuclear Fuel Cycle)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Chemical Process Research and Development)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Medical and Biological Engineering)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Molecular-scale Engineering)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Advanced Particulate Materials)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Bioenergy)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Fluid Dynamics)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine - Innovation in Medical and Biological Engineering)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Complex Particulate Products and Processes)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Data Analytics and Society)
Integrated degree of PhD and MSc (Artificial Intelligence for Medical Diagnosis and Care)
4 Year PhDs
4 year PhD - Integrated Tribology
4 year PhD - Next Generation Nuclear
4 year PhD - Physics Studies
4 year PhD - Soft Matter and Functional Interfaces
4 year PhD - Soft Matter for Formulation and Industrial Innovation (SOFI2)
4 year PhD - Anatomy
4 year PhD - Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes
4 year PhD - Cardiovascular and Metabolic Disease
4 Year PhD - Aerosol Science
4 Year PhD - Medicine, Health and Human Disease
4 Year PhD - Molecules to Product
4 Year PhD - Nuclear Energy - GREEN (Growing Skills for Reliable Economic Energy fro Nuclear) 
4 Year PhD - WISER (Water and Waste Infrastructure and Services Engineered for Resilience)
4 Year PhD – CDT SENSE : Satellite Data in Environmental Science
Ordinance and Regulations are reviewed annually. For previous versions please visit Postgraduate researcher guidance

POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS ENGAGED IN TEACHING
This code of practice applies to postgraduate research students registered at the University of Leeds who are engaged in teaching at the University and paid on an hourly rate.
POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS ENGAGED IN TEACHING
This code of practice applies to postgraduate research students registered at the University of Leeds who are engaged in teaching at the University and paid on an hourly rate.
Postgraduate research students are a valuable asset to University teaching. Students involved in teaching can gain valuable experience and career development as well as financial benefit.
Decisions on the allocation of available teaching duties will be made in line with good employment practice and in line with our equality policies.  
The Code of practice on postgraduate research students engaged in teaching (PDF) sets out how we will select and appoint students to teach and the training and support that will be provided. 
Further information is available in the Teaching Engagement Framework on the HR website. 
PROGRAMME TITLE CHANGES (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
Titles of programmes on which students have already been accepted or are currently registered can only be changed if this is unavoidable. A change in programme title affects the validity of student visas for students outside the EEA.

 PROGRAMME TITLE CHANGES (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
Titles of programmes on which students have already been accepted or are currently registered can only be changed if this is unavoidable. A change in programme title affects the validity of student visas for students outside the EEA.
The Policy on programme title changes (PDF) was updated in 2010-11 to reflect obligations under the introduction of the Points Based System of immigration control.
RELIGIOUS OBSERVANCE
Our institutional timetable is set to accommodate religious observance where possible. Sometimes issues feel or become more complex at an individual school or service level.
RELIGIOUS OBSERVANCE
Our institutional timetable is set to accommodate religious observance where possible. Sometimes issues feel or become more complex at an individual school or service level.
WHAT STUDENTS NEED TO DO 
Students who, for religious reasons, are unable to carry out their university work on a Sabbath or a holy day must advise their school(s) immediately.  
Where a student's religious commitments prevent them from taking exams on certain days during University assessment periods, they must also give notice to the Assessment & Progress Team by completing the Notification of religious commitments form by the last Friday in October for January assessments and by the end of Week 4 of teaching in semester 2 for May/June assessments.
Where exemption is approved, it is the student’s responsibility to ensure they have covered all work from classes that they have missed.
The University will make every effort to avoid arranging assessments on a Sabbath or holy day for those students who have informed the Assessment & Progress Team as required. The University, however, reserves the right to hold assessments on such days if no alternative time is convenient. 
FURTHER GUIDANCE
The Equality Policy Unit provides guidance for staff and students on flexibility on grounds of religion or belief (PDF) to enable staff to respond in a way which is non-discriminatory. The document offers practical suggestions for handling such requests.
RELATED ITEMS

LINKS
Prayer contemplation and faith-based support 
Ramadan arrangements
 
RISK ASSESSMENT OF FIELDWORK
Fieldwork is an essential part of University teaching and research, enabling and inspiring many staff and students’ academic and personal development.
 RISK ASSESSMENT OF FIELDWORK
Fieldwork is an essential part of University teaching and research, enabling and inspiring many staff and students’ academic and personal development.
Fieldwork includes any activity carried out for the purpose of research outside of the university. This could include archaeological digs, environmental surveys, or interviews. Fieldwork does not include placements but does include meetings and conferences in the UK and abroad.
People organising fieldwork need to use an effective fieldwork assessment process to minimise risk and ensure that as a University we fulfil our duty of care to protect staff, students and other affected people.
Health and Safety Services set out what the University requires of staff and students in respect of fieldwork health and safety considerations along with guidance to help achieve this.
Information provided includes:
University standard for risk management of fieldwork
fieldwork assessment forms
procedure for fieldwork in areas to which the Foreign & Commonwealth Office advise against travel
guidance for Heads of School
training required
risk assessment forms
other associated guidance
International postgraduate researchers conducting fieldwork outside of the UK for one month or longer must complete a change of study location form through GRAD
SPECIAL CASES COMMITTEE
The Special Cases Committee takes decisions relating to student progression in cases which fall outside the normal institutional regulations.SPECIAL CASES COMMITTEE
The Special Cases Committee takes decisions relating to student progression in cases which fall outside the normal institutional regulations.
The terms of reference of the Special Cases Committee (PDF), available from the Student cases webpage, explain the types of cases that the committee considers. 
STUDENT STAFF FORUMS
Student Staff Partnership Forums (SSPFs) are an important formal channel of communication and provide the opportunity for students and staff to work in partnership on matters relating to student education. 
 STUDENT STAFF PARTNERSHIP FORUMS
Student Staff Partnership Forums (SSPFs) are an important formal channel of communication and provide the opportunity for students and staff to work in partnership on matters relating to student education. 
They act as the primary means by which students are consulted on issues relating to the development of the School and, in particular, the School’s approach to the curriculum and the delivery of learning and teaching.
As well as providing an important mechanism for students to raise concerns, SSPFs provide the opportunity for the discussion of matters of interest to students and staff and help ensure that student-informed views are fed into the development of student education. 
More information on the principles, terms of reference and reporting requirements can be found here.
LUU guidance on the effective running of Student Staff Partnership Forums can be found here.
A flow diagram showing how issues are raised and resolved via the Staff Student Partnership Forums can be found here.
A template agenda can be found here.
LUU can provide examples of successful Student Staff Partnership working – read their blog here.
SUPERNUMERARY MODULES
Supernumerary modules are modules chosen by students for interest only and are taken as extra credits on top of the normal amount of credits for the year of study (usually 120 credits for an undergraduate Programme Year or 180 for a postgraduate Programme Year).
 SUPERNUMERARY MODULES
Supernumerary modules are modules chosen by students for interest only and are taken as extra credits on top of the normal amount of credits for the year of study (usually 120 credits for an undergraduate Programme Year or 180 for a postgraduate Programme Year).
Students are permitted to register for up to 20 credits of supernumerary modules each year (at the discretion of the parent school) and schools must inform the Exams and Progress Team of the choice at the beginning of the session and before the deadline for changing modules (see Timeline of Events for deadlines). 
Credits gained in supernumerary modules cannot be counted for progression or classification purposes (e.g. a student passing 70 credits plus a 10-credit supernumerary module is not permitted to include the supernumerary credits to give them the 80 credits required to progress).
Where any supernumerary modules are required to meet the learning outcomes of a specific programme, the rule as to whether these credits count for classification should be stated in the Programme Specification and made clear in corresponding material for students. Where students opt to take supernumerary modules outside of the Programme Specification these do not count towards classification.
Supernumerary modules will be recorded on Banner with a status of SN and marks gained for such modules will appear on official transcripts.
TIMETABLING AND CENTRAL SPACE MANAGEMENT
The policy sets out the University's approach to constructing the teaching timetable, booking rooms and teaching space facilities and support.
TIMETABLING AND CENTRAL SPACE MANAGEMENT
The policy sets out the University's approach to constructing the teaching timetable, booking rooms and teaching space facilities and support.
The Timetabling and central space management policy (PDF) sets out who is responsible for which aspects of producing the teaching timetable, the order of priority when booking rooms and gives practical advice, for example, explaining what happens when a room booking has to be changed.
TIMETABLING POLICIES AND GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS
This section contains published University Timetabling policies and timelines. It also contains useful guidance documents for other systems that are linked to the timetabling system.
TIMETABLING POLICIES AND GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS
This section contains published University Timetabling policies and timelines. It also contains useful guidance documents for other systems that are linked to the timetabling system.
REARRANGING SCHEDULED TEACHING
Teaching should only be rearranged where unavoidable. Taught Student Education Board has outlined how changes should be made and communicated to students.
If teaching does have to be cancelled and rearranged, the Policy on rearranging scheduled teaching (PDF) outlines the correct way to do this and how any new arrangements should be communicated to students.
HOW TO MAKE AD-HOC RECORDINGS ON CAMPUS
You can use the Record Now application installed on all podium PCs to make a manual recording. Instructions on how to do this can be found here. To record a non-timetabled event in a teaching room with lecture capture recording facilities, you can use the Record Now application installed on all podium PCs to do a manual recording.Book the space in advance using the Online room booking system.Log in to the podium PC using your University username and password.Important Note: the user who logs onto the PC will be the owner of the recording and will be able to control who has access to view it. When you are ready to record, double click on the icon on the Record Now Launcher icon on the desktop. You will be prompted to login using your username@leeds.ac.uk and usual password. Please Note: If you have already logged into another University system, such as Minerva or Office 365, you will not be prompted to log in as Record Now uses the University's secure Single Sign On. The Record Now interface will open (shown below) and you will see different options depending on the room standard you are in:
Bronze Rooms - You will only have the option to 'Record without video camera' (as these rooms do not have video cameras)
Silver/Silver Plus Rooms - You will have the option to 'Record with video camera' or 'Record without video camera' if you don't want to use the in-room video camera
Platinum Rooms - You will have the option to record all inputs with or without video camera (and the digital whiteboards if they are turned on)
In this guide, I will record in a Silver Room to record the PC, microphone and video camera.
Using Record Now
After launching Record Now from the desktop, enter a title for your recording. Enter a duration. The default is 55 minutes but this can be changed if needed. Click Begin Recording under the type of recording you want to do. In this case, 'Record with video camera' Record Now will create a schedule, sync with the Recorder in the room and then start recording. This can take up to 2 minutes. Once the recording has started, you will see the recording interface (shown below). The red recording light on the podium will also illuminate. Please Note: You can pause or end the recording using the 'Pause Recording' or 'Stop Recording' options shown below: You can also pause your recording by pressing the red button on the lectern once (and once again to resume). To end the recording, press and hold this button for 5 seconds. Once you have finished your recording by clicking 'Stop Recording', you will be see the 'Recording Ended' menu (shown below). To do another recording, click Main Menu. Alternatively, you can view your recordings in Mediasite or logout if you have finished. Your recording will be uploaded to Mediasite and within 8 hours you will be sent an email saying your recording is available. You can then review, edit and share your recording.  
HELP ON USING LECTURE CAPTURE
The IT knowledge base has a number of guides relating to the lecture capture system. You can find the guides here.
Lecture Capture and Media Management
Mediasite Mosaic for Windows
Mediasite Mosaic is a new, modern recording application from Sonic Foundry which will ultimately replace the Mediasite Desktop Recorder. It is now available for Windows (via the Microsoft Store) and M...
 KB0015160 •  221 Views •  2mo ago
Introduction to Lecture Capture and Media Management
Welcome to the Lecture Capture and Media Management system at the University of Leeds. This page provides an overview of what the system offers and how it can be used.
 KB0012368 •  70 Views •  7mo ago
Storage Quotas and Module Folders in Mediasite
Mediasite content is stored in two key locations: personal captures are stored in My Drafts and scheduled lecture capture recordings are stored in the relevant module folder. Important Note: My Prese...
 KB0011542 •  67 Views •  5mo ago
Download and register Mediasite recording software
This article explores the Capture Video options in Mediasite and how you can download the correct Mediasite application to create your own digital content. There are currently two Mediasite applicatio...
 KB0012418 •  59 Views •  11mo ago
Lecture Capture Retention and Deletion Policy
This policy statement relates to the storage of scheduled Lecture Capture recordings. These are recordings of teaching sessions e.g. lectures managed via the timetable system. This policy does not app...
 KB0013428 •  56 Views •  11mo ago
How to link (and embed) Mediasite content to a module in Minerva
This article shows members of staff how to link or embed Mediasite content to a module in Minerva. You will need to do this for Mediasite Desktop Recordings, files uploaded to Mediasite or Ad-hoc Reco...
 KB0011831 •  50 Views •  6mo ago
Mediasite Mosaic for MacOS
Mediasite Mosaic is a modern replacement for the Mediasite Desktop Recorder to help you create digital content from screencasts, video feedback and podcasts. This guide shows you how to install, regis...
 KB0014816 •  48 Views •  3mo ago
Importing your scheduled Zoom meeting into Mediasite
This article explains how to automatically import your scheduled Zoom meeting into Mediasite. Only scheduled Zoom meetings which are labelled as teaching content and recorded to the Zoom cloud will be...
 KB0015202 •  44 Views •  2mo ago
How to use the Mediasite Desktop Recorder
The Mediasite Desktop Recorder allows you to create digital presentations, screencasts, audio files (podcasts), video files or a combination of all of these. This article shows you how to install the ...
 KB0012956 •  42 Views •  11mo ago
Download your Lecture Capture and Mediasite content
This article will show you how to download a copy of your Lecture Capture and Mediasite content as a Vodcast (video) or Podcast (audio only).
 KB0012106 •  40 Views •  4mo ago
Upload content to Mediasite
This article shows you how to upload video or audio files to Mediasite and also upload content directly from a mobile device.
 KB0011820 •  39 Views •  27d ago
How to Edit Your Mediasite Content
Mediasite includes a web editor which allows you to perform basic edits online (such as removing the start and end of your content). Please Note: This is not intended as a replacement for professional...
 KB0012401 •  37 Views •  10mo ago
Captioning your Mediasite content
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: Captions in Mediasite are being automatically generated and will not be completely accurate. They may vary in quality depending on the ability of the technology to understand the...
 KB0013843 •  35 Views •  5mo ago
How to use Record Now (formerly Ad-hoc Recorder)
To record a non-timetabled event in a teaching room with lecture capture recording facilities, you can use the Record Now application installed on all podium PCs to do a manual recording.
 KB0011792 •  34 Views •  9mo ago
What is Scheduled Lecture Capture (and room types)
Scheduled Lecture Capture allows you to automatically record your sessions without any interaction. All Lecture Capture enabled rooms have a category (Bronze, Silver, Silver Plus. Gold or Platinum) de...
 KB0011581 •  31 Views •  26d ago
A Student Guide: Record, Edit and Share Digital Content using Mediasite
Mediasite is the University’s Lecture Capture and Multimedia service. It allows you to watch your lecture capture recordings and create your own digital content to share with your tutor, other student...
 KB0014464 •  29 Views •  4mo ago
Moving Mediasite Content to a Module Folder
If you are over your Mediasite quota, you can move your content to a module folder instead. This will take the content out of your personal folder and reduce your personal quota. If required, it can a...
 KB0014357 •  29 Views •  4mo ago
What is Personal Capture?
Personal Capture is the term that we use to describe the process of creating digital media using the Lecture Capture and Media Management service at the University of Leeds. All aspects of Personal Ca...
 KB0013256 •  29 Views •  2mo ago
Mediasite Channels
Mediasite Channels are a modern way to securely showcase video and audio content in Mediasite. Mediasite Channels offer a number of improvements in terms of streamlining the user interface and are mor...
 KB0015607 •  27 Views •  7d ago
Mediasite vs Microsoft Stream
This article gives a high-level overview of the differences between Mediasite (the software which runs the Lecture Capture and Media Management service) and Microsoft Stream. Please note: the features...
 KB0013088 •  25 Views •  2mo ago
How to share content in Mediasite
This article shows you how to share content from Mediasite. The majority of Lecture Capture recordings are scheduled recordings which are automatically published to students via Minerva within 72 hour...
 KB0013344 •  23 Views •  5mo ago
How to publish content to VideoLeeds
VideoLeeds is the University's video showcase platform and is a way to easily watch and showcase content, as well as search for specific content from different faculties. VideoLeeds is open to the pub...
 KB0012379 •  16 Views •  7d ago
Delete Content from Mediasite
This article shows you how to delete content that you own in Mediasite and what to do if you receive errors when trying to delete.
 KB0012435 •  15 Views •  11mo ago
Publishing to University of Leeds YouTube
This guide shows you how to upload your video from Mediasite to the University's YouTube channel (subject to approval from the central Communications team).
 KB0011826 •  10 Views •  7mo ago
Viewing Captions In Mediasite
This article explains how to view captions in Mediasite once they have been enabled.
 KB0014375 •  9 Views •  4mo ago
Creating Quizzes in Mediasite
You can now create quizzes which can be embedded into Mediasite content. You can use quizzes to gauge students’ understanding before, during or after a recording or create a quiz for student self-asse...
 KB0012459 •  9 Views •  about a month ago
Add Weblinks to Mediasite Content
Adding weblinks to Mediasite content is a great way to gather a series of websites or journal links that are referenced in your video. As users cannot click links within a video itself, Mediasite allo...
 KB0015080 •  7 Views •  8mo ago
Install the Mediasite Desktop Recorder on a University PC
The Mediasite Desktop Recorder allows you to create digital presentations, screencasts, audio files (podcasts), video files or a combination of all of these. This article shows you how to download and...
 KB0013626 •  7 Views •  11mo ago
How to let another member of staff edit your Lecture Capture content
Content in Mediasite can only have one owner. However, you can give another member of staff at the University of Leeds permission to edit your recording if needed. This guide shows you how to do this....
 KB0012708 •  7 Views •  5mo ago
Lecture Capture and Media Management service is currently unavailable.
The Lecture Capture and Media Management (LCMM) service is currently unavailable.
 KB0014959 •  6 Views •  9mo ago
Move Mediasite content to your Drafts folder to prevent automatic deletion after two years
This article explains how to move scheduled Lecture Capture recordings to your Drafts folder if you would like to retain them past the two year retention period.
 KB0013195 •  6 Views •  7mo ago
Link External Videos to Mediasite
You can now use Mediasite to link to video content from other platforms such as YouTube; for example, you can add multiple external videos to a module Media area in Minerva. This can make it easier fo...
 KB0014710 •  5 Views •  27d ago
List of school change owners
If you have received an email notification about a timetabled lecture capture that isn't yours, then you'll need to contact your department to get it reassigned to the correct person. This is a list o...
 KB0012037 •  5 Views •  6mo ago
How to share and embed content from VideoLeeds
VideoLeeds is the University's video showcase platform and is a way to easily watch and showcase content, as well as searching for specific content from different faculties. VideoLeeds is open to the ...
 KB0012378 •  5 Views •  27d ago
What to do if students can't see Mediasite (Lecture Capture) content in Minerva
This article explains how to resolve some common issues if students report that they cannot see Mediasite content via Minerva. Student permissions for Mediasite (and Lecture Capture) content are manag...
 KB0014441 •  5 Views •  4mo ago
Allowing students to download Mediasite content from modules
It has been agreed temporarily that students can be permitted to download Mediasite content from module areas. This is being run as an opt-in service and can be requested by following the information ...
 KB0014339 •  4 Views •  4mo ago
Run a Mediasite Analytics Report
Mediasite can generate an analytics report for content so you can see information such as how many users have watched it. Follow the steps in this guide to generate a report.
 KB0014349 •  4 Views •  4mo ago

TIMETABLING TIMELINE FOR 2020/21
Please contact your School Timetabler for further details.The timeline for 2020/21 has been adjusted in response to COVID-19.
GENERAL TIMETABLING TIMELINE AND PROCESSES
Your School Timetabler is provided with a comprehensive timeline and deadline dates to build the timetable. A high level overview of the timetable timeline and process can be found here (DOCX).
RELATED ITEMS
SCHOOL TIMETABLER CONTACT LIST
If you need to contact the timetabler for your school, here is a full list of names and contact details.

FACULTY OF ARTS, HUMANITIES AND CULTURES

 
FACULTY OF BUSINESS

 
FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES

 
FACULTY OF ENGINEERING AND PHYSICAL SCIENCES

 
FACULTY OF ENVIRONMENT

 
FACULTY OF MEDICINE AND HEALTH


 
REGISTRATION, ENROLMENT AND ATTENDANCE
Information to help you support students through their enrolment, registration and when monitoring attendance.
 REGISTRATION, ENROLMENT AND ATTENDANCE
Information to help you support students through their enrolment, registration and when monitoring attendance.
Find out about how and when a student should register, how a school can help with module enrolment and best practice for attendance monitoring.
REGISTRATION
Registration is an annual process for all students, and it is the School's responsibility to support the students with the process. This page lists downloadable resources for staff to use. 
 
REGISTRATION
Registration is an annual process for all students, and it is the School's responsibility to support the students with the process. This page lists downloadable resources for staff to use. 
This webpage was updated on 26th November 2020 and is correct at the time of writing for students who are starting programmes in January 2021 as well as students who started in September 2020. Please check this page regularly for updates, as new information will be added when it becomes available.  
All students must complete the online registration steps to "register" for each academic year. New students (those entering a new course via admissions) also usually need to have their identity checked in order to fully register*. Registration is a separate process to module enrolment; students do not need to be registered to complete module enrolment. 
Identity checks for 2020-21
This year, the Identity Check takes place online. Rather than visiting the Great Hall and showing their documents, students submit their documents through an MS Form. Staff process those documents and update Banner accordingly. The form can be accessed through the link on students.leeds.ac.uk/registration (identity check page). As well as the identity documents, the MS Form instructs students to upload a passport style photograph. This image is then re-sized and will be uploaded to Banner for staff use. It will also be printed onto the student card.
International students can only complete the identity check when they have arrived in the UK. If students will not be arriving for the start of teaching i.e. studying remotely, staff must update Banner with the student’s expected arrival date, following the late arrival process. Students can notify Schools of their intended late arrival via the Late Arrival Notification form, available to students from the New Student webpage. Late expected arrival dates uploaded to Banner will allow the student’s identity check deadline to be delayed beyond the standard registration deadline (for their start month) and their expected arrival date.
After completing the online identity check form
UK/EU/EEA: the student will receive an email asking them to book an appointment via EventBrite to collect their student card at the relevant location.
International: the student will receive a holding email. This will explain that the University is awaiting delivery of their BRP. They will receive a second email asking them to book an appointment via EventBrite to collect their student card and BRP at the relevant location after their BRP has been processed.
All of the emails are sent from no_reply_id_check@leeds.ac.uk. The emails will also include signposting information.
Student card collection is not a mandatory step of registration. 
Further information is available from students.leeds.ac.uk/registration.

Please note, external students (ie they are resitting assessment(s) externally) do not register online - you can download more information about external student status and access here. 
*There is a small list of courses which are exempt from the requirement of identity checks; a full list of exempted programmes can be found within the ARGOS report for "RE students with no ID Checks". If a student on one of these courses has a UK government student loan they will regardless still need to complete the identity check so that the Funding team can confirm their registration to the Student Loans Company.

REGISTRATION CONTACTS
The Registration Helpline deals with general and complex registration queries all year round. While the Registration team work remotely, the Registration Helpline telephone number will be used by the Student Information Helpline, dedicated to dealing with calls and emails on a wide range of queries:
Email: registration@leeds.ac.uk or studentinfo@leeds.ac.uk  Telephone: +44 (0)113 343 7000 (outside UK and internal call transfers) or 0800 915 0402 (within UK) – both telephone numbers are answered by Student Information Helpline staff
For clearly specific registration related queries, students can be directed to the below areas:
Registration processes and basic troubleshooting: registration pages
Welcome information for all students: Welcome webpages
Username/password retrieval: use basic troubleshooting in staff registration guide download (below), then registration helpline (see above)
Online registration: use registration walkthrough download (below), then registration helpline (see above)
Fees: fees pages, UGfees@leeds.ac.uk, PGfees@leeds.ac.uk
Sponsor queries: fees pages, sponsors@leeds.ac.uk
University bursaries/funds: University funding webpages, funding@leeds.ac.uk 
Student Loan/NHS/other funding: external funding webpages, funding@leeds.ac.uk 
Accommodation: accommodation webpages, accommodation@adm.leeds.ac.uk or 0113 343 7777
Accommodation fees: residencefees@leeds.ac.uk
International students advice (immigration): internationalstudents@leeds.ac.uk
International welcome: internationalwelcome@leeds.ac.uk 
Incoming Study Abroad students: sao@adm.leeds.ac.uk 
International Foundation Year: intfyear@leeds.ac.uk 
Doctoral College Operations: rp_student@adm.leeds.ac.uk 
Taught admissions (central): taught admissions staff guidance, enquiriesadmissions@leeds.ac.uk
REGISTRATION DOWNLOADS
Registration Staff Guide 
Registration Online Steps Walkthrough 
Registration Timeline September-start 
Registration Timeline January-start
Registration Deadlines Year-Round
Registration Timeline Schools Example Contact emails (updated Feb 2021)
Registration Reinstatement Form 
NEW STUDENT WELCOME PAGES AND GUIDES
New student welcome pages
UK (undergraduate) student welcome guide
UK (postgraduate) Prepare for Postgrad guide (Minerva resource) 
International student arrival and orientation pages
International student welcome guide (Sept 2020)
International student welcome guide (Jan 2021)
If you find you still have questions after reading this page and the resources above, please contact our shared student records inbox on studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk.
RELATED ITEMS

MODULE ENROLMENT
It is the responsibility of the parent school to ensure that students enrol for their modules online and that all module and programme data is up to date and accurate.
 
ATTENDANCE
Monitoring engagement is recognised as an important element in supporting both student retention and performance.
 
REGISTRATION REINSTATEMENT FORM
If a school wishes to reinstate a student who has been withdrawn (due to failure to complete online registration or complete their identity check), the school should use the form on this download page.
 
EXTENSIONS TO STUDY PERIOD (TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE)
A standard procedure is in place for taught postgraduate students to be given extra time to complete their degree programme. This will also extend their library and IT access.



MODULE ENROLMENT
It is the responsibility of the parent school to ensure that students enrol for their modules online and that all module and programme data is up to date and accurate.
 MODULE ENROLMENT
It is the responsibility of the parent school to ensure that students enrol for their modules online and that all module and programme data is up to date and accurate.
STUDENT MODULE ENROLMENT
Students enrol for the modules that will make up their programme of study online on the module enrolment system accessed through Student Services. While it's open, students can use the system whenever they wish and revise their choices where necessary. The web form incorporates direct links to module and personal timetables, the module and programme catalogues and a filtration system for the enrolment on foreign language modules.
If students need guidance at any stage of their enrolment, they are encouraged to contact their parent school or relevant teaching schools. 
If a student wants to change their choice of module after the module enrolment system has closed, they must complete a Change of Module form and return it to their parent school. The University allows students to change modules for up to four weeks after teaching starts, however, some schools only allow changes for a shorter period. 
UPDATING MODULE AND PROGRAMME INFORMATION
Before the online system is opened to students, it is important that the relevant data in both Banner and Module and Programme Catalogues is up to date, accurate and identical.
ONLINE ENROLMENT
The second stage of the online enrolment process is to inform students how and when to access the online enrolment system. There are also certain data checks that schools can make to ensure that the correct compulsory module data is on a student's record before the system is accessible to the student.
MONITORING AND APPROVING STUDENT CHOICES
The third stage of the enrolment process is monitoring that students have enrolled online and approving their module choices. It is the parent school's responsibility to check their students complete their module enrolment and that they comply with the rules for their programme of study.
STUDY ABROAD AND EXCHANGE STUDENTS
Study abroad and exchange students cannot use the module enrolment system to apply for modules or make changes to their programme of study. Their module enrolment is managed by the Study Abroad Office and Study Abroad coordinators within each academic school or department.
FURTHER INFORMATION
More detailed information about every aspect of module enrolment can be found in the Module Enrolment guide for staff together with further guidance to help schools prepare for the module enrolment exercise.
ATTENDANCE
Monitoring engagement is recognised as an important element in supporting both student retention and performance.
ATTENDANCE AND ENGAGEMENT
Monitoring engagement is recognised as an important element in supporting both student retention and performance.
Regular and appropriate attendance and engagement is a University requirement, as stipulated in the Curricular Ordinances and Regulations. Many schools have effective methods in place for monitoring unauthorised absence and all schools are supported in monitoring students' engagement in an auditable way.
TAUGHT STUDENTS
The Programme Support Functional Management Team has developed a new template Standard Operating Procedure for Attendance Monitoring (SOPAM) for the 2020-21 session. Detailed guidance information for staff (including engagement monitoring background, reporting, pathways, and escalation points for no and low engagement) can be accessed via this new template. Note: The template will be shared at Faculty-level by your local Programme Support Functional Manager in the first instance. For taught students, failure to attend and/or absence without permission can result in serious consequences for the student through the Unsatisfactory Work, Attendance and Engagement Procedure (UWAEP). Further guidance for staff (including templates and forms) can be accessed through the Student Cases Team (SCT) SharePoint site.
REGISTER GUIDANCE FOR ACADEMIC/TEACHING STAFF
ONLINE TEACHING SESSIONS
Academic staff are not required to take attendance for their on-line teaching sessions for the purposes of attendance/engagement monitoring, but they may want to access the data to analyse student behaviour on their specific modules. Teaching staff can access guidance on how to take an online class register for their online teaching, by visiting the Digital Practice Virtual Classrooms webpage.
FACE-TO-FACE TEACHING SESSIONS
It is important that teaching staff take an electronic register of their face-to-face on-campus teaching sessions, as this information will be used for the following: Track and Trace purposes. For Engagement Monitoring of students who attend hybrid online and face-to-face teaching. SES teams will access this information as part of the weekly reporting they will be using for student interventions.
For guidance on inputting a register into Faculty Services for a small face-to-face teaching session on-campus where a verbal roll call is required, please use the ‘How-to Input a F2F Register into Faculty Services - Quick Guide’.
For larger teaching sessions where a verbal roll call is not feasible, we recommend you utilise Top Hat software for you to obtain an electronic attendance register (guidance is available on the Digital Practice webpage, Minerva support pages and in the IT Knowledge Base). For further guidance, please speak to your Faculty Digital Education Academic Lead or Programme Support Functional Manager.
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
The University responds to the requirements of the Home Office's points-based system, which means it is required to report international students who fail to fully register when expected or are absent for a prolonged period without authorisation.
RESEARCH STUDENTS (DOCTORAL COLLEGE)
The attendance of all research students should be monitored at certain agreed stages in the research degree candidature, with absences being recorded. The monitored attendance sessions should include all formal (in-person or remote) supervisory meetings as well as other appropriate events. More information is available the PGR Progress and Monitoring webpage.
MORE INFORMATION
For more detail about any area of student attendance / engagement, please consult the relevant policies above.

ATTENDANCE CODE OF PRACTICE (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
Students are expected to attend all timetabled sessions. The University is clear about its expectations of students and in the information that schools provide to students to enable them to attend regularly.
 ATTENDANCE CODE OF PRACTICE (TAUGHT STUDENTS)
Students are expected to attend all timetabled sessions. The University is clear about its expectations of students and in the information that schools provide to students to enable them to attend regularly.
UNIVERSITY CODE OF PRACTICE
The sessions organised as part of a programme of study - lectures, group work, laboratory work, tutorials, seminars and practical classes - are a crucial part of enabling students to achieve the maximum benefit from their time at the University.
Attendance at designated online and remote sessions is compulsory irrespective of whether or not a module forms a core, optional or elective part of a programme of study.
Schools will have procedures for students to report absence / monitor engagement and make clear the procedures for students to apply for leave of absence in exceptional circumstances.
Schools will have a clear process for monitoring student engagement and addressing any patterns of non-attendance (no or low engagement) at an early stage. Where non-attendance is a potential problem a "warning system" will be in place for the student. If the problem continues the Unsatisfactory Work, Attendance and Engagement procedure will be used.
Co-curricular activities and paid employment must normally be fitted around formal timetable commitments. Wednesday afternoons, that is from 1.00pm, will normally be kept free for co-curricular activities. On occasions where a student is involved in a University supported activity, eg competing in a national sporting event or representing the University in a sporting event, which involves leaving a timetabled session before 1.00pm they must notify the tutor in advance in order to discuss how the session commitments might be met in another way. It is the responsibility of the student to find out what work has been missed and to complete any tasks set.
Schools will indicate normal teaching hours making special arrangements to meet the needs of students undertaking religious observance.
Schools will make clear the preparation students are expected to undertake before each timetabled session and whether supporting material is needed for use in class.
Sessions will start promptly at five minutes past the hour and end promptly at five minutes to the hour, unless otherwise agreed with students for a particular session/module. 
Timetabled sessions will only be cancelled in exceptional and unavoidable circumstances, eg staff illness, and alternative arrangements made to minimise disruption for students. 
Staff will all be made aware of the school policy on non-engagement to prevent variability in the treatment of students.
The school policy on engagement will be considered annually by the student:staff committee.
The Dean of Faculty is responsible for ensuring compliance by schools with this code of practice.
REGISTRATION AND TUITION PAYMENT
All students must complete online registration. Step 6 of online registration displays the different payment options available, you can find some help with common queries using information on this page.
 REGISTRATION AND TUITION PAYMENT
All students must complete online registration. Step 6 of online registration displays the different payment options available, you can find some help with common queries using information on this page.
This information is specifically to help you support students to make fee payment arrangements and register with the University. For general information about online registration, please refer to the Programmes and Assessment registration page.
If you are seeking information about miscellaneous research fees for visiting research students, please read the advice document on the Visitors - Research Students page for staff.
BEFORE REGISTRATION
Students should know how they are going to pay their tuition fees before they register for their programme.
SPONSORED STUDENTS 
If a student has a sponsor they should email a sponsor letter to the Fees office for processing before they can complete registration. Guidance for staff regarding sponsored students is available on our SES sponsored students page.
SCHOLARSHIPS 
If you are providing a student with a scholarship please refer to the guidance for completing Form 21s on our tuition fee scholarships and awards page. Early notification of their award will enable the student to budget correctly and may aid international students applying for their visa.
STUDENT FINANCE LOANS 
Home rated/EU undergraduate or taught postgraduate students intending to take a student loan should apply for their support from Student Finance in advance of the start of term. Guidance for students regarding student loans is available from the Funding team.
INTERNATIONAL TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE DEPOSITS 
International students should ensure they have funding available and may be required to pay a tuition deposit (if they are taught postgraduate or studying a content based pre-sessional programme). Information for students about deposits can be found on the corporate pages regarding masters fees and costs. Student Fees do not handle the deposit process, queries regarding taught postgraduate deposits should be sent to admissions. 
RETURNERS FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE OR SUSPENSION
If you are aware of an undergraduate or taught postgraduate student returning from temporary leave you should refer to our page for staff called Returners and reduced fees.
Research postgraduate students returning from suspension will be charged the full fee for the academic year when they register, even if they are only registering for the remaining months. The suspended months will then be added for free at the end of their study. If a student requires a pro-rata calculation during their standard period of study they must contact Student fees by email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk  or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk call 0113 343 6700. If you require more information for RP returners please visit the suspensions and extensions of study page.
ONLINE REGISTRATION
On step 6 of online registration a student can check their account balance, make payments, complete an instalment plan and view sponsor details.
If you have a specific case you wish to discuss, or if a student thinks their registration will be delayed past the registration deadline please Student fees by email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk  or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk call 0113 343 6700.
OVERSEAS STUDENTS
Self-funded students must make full payment or pay 50% and set up an instalment plan arranging payment of the remaining balance. Overseas students are no longer required to set up a UK bank account as part of this process. Students can still provide UK bank account details when they have them, otherwise they must make manual payment for their second instalment by the due date.
HOME/EU STUDENTS
Undergraduates need to have a Student Support Number (SSN) showing (proving they have applied for a loan at some point) to register. If they do not have this they will be asked to make full payment, to complete an instalment plan or have a provide a sponsor letter.
Taught Postgraduates students who are self-funded must make an initial payment of 50% of their fee and to set up an instalment plan arranging second payment in February by Direct Debit from a UK bank account or a confirmed sponsor letter. Students with a PG student loan (PGL) can pay in three instalments, payable in line with their loan payment dates, no up-front payment required. PGL students will be withdrawn if their first payment defaults and is not brought up to date.
Research Postgraduates students who are self-funded must make an initial payment of 50% of their fee and to set up an instalment plan arranging second payment 5 months after their start date by Direct Debit from a UK bank account or a confirmed sponsor letter. Overtime (writing up) fees must be paid in full and cannot be split into instalments.
CHANGE OF MODULE
Students can change modules after the module enrolment system closes using an online form. 
CHANGE OF MODULE
Students can change modules after the module enrolment system closes using an online form. 
The University allows students to change modules for up to four weeks after teaching starts. However, some schools only allow changes for a shorter period so be careful when advising students about enrolment. Change of module deadlines are from the second week of teaching but vary by school. Some teaching schools require consultation when a student wishes to enrol on or drop one of their modules. Please refer to this list of school requirements, deadlines and contact details. 
The process for Change of Module after the closure of online enrolment has been moved online for the 2020-21 session, as opportunities for students to have face-to-face interaction with SES staff will be much reduced due to Covid-19.
Once online module enrolment has closed - dates are given in the enrolment guide - students will need to access the online change of module form from the For Students website.
Full details of the new process are detailed in the Operational Guidance.
The Change of Module form closes at the end of week 4 of teaching.
If a student wishes to change modules after the deadline has passed, the proposed change must have approval from the Head of School before the change will be allowed.  Confirmation of approval must then be forwarded to Programmes and Assessment (Exams and Progress).  Late module changes after week 4 of teaching are subject to a £50 late fee.
CHANGE OF PROGRAMME
Students do not have an automatic entitlement to change programme, but if places are available and the student meets entry criteria they may be permitted to move to a new programme.
 CHANGE OF PROGRAMME
Students do not have an automatic entitlement to change programme, but if places are available and the student meets entry criteria they may be permitted to move to a new programme.
The process for change of programme has been moved online for the 2020-21 session, as opportunities for students to have face-to-face interaction with SES and Academic staff will be much reduced due to Covid-19.
Under the new process, a student enquiring about a potential change of programme will be required to complete this Change of Programme Initial Enquiry Form in the first instance.  The proposed new Parent School will receive an email notification of the enquiry, which they will consider according to local criteria.
If the student is a Tier 4 international student AND the change would result in a change of programme duration, the Tier 4 Team (pbs@leeds.ac.uk) must be consulted before the change is approved.  It is essential that immigration restrictions are checked and that the student receives immigration advice before a change of programme is approved.  If approved, this will then enable students to request their new CAS and make their new Tier 4 application without delay. 
Tier 4 international students who will be undertaking a work placement or study abroad year can apply for their new Tier 4 leave (visa) before or after their work placement/year abroad as long as this is done before their current leave expires. For further information regarding the process, please see our work placements and study abroad visa page.
Once a change of programme request is approved, the proposed new Parent School will ask the student to complete a full Change of Programme Formal Submission Form and will update the student record in Banner on receipt of the completed form.
Full details of the new process are detailed in the Operational Guidance.
For more information about students changing programme, contact your local Programme Support Manager. 
EXTENSIONS TO STUDY PERIOD (TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE)
A standard procedure is in place for taught postgraduate students to be given extra time to complete their degree programme. This will also extend their library and IT access.
EXTENSIONS TO STUDY PERIOD (TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE)
A standard procedure is in place for taught postgraduate students to be given extra time to complete their degree programme. This will also extend their library and IT access.
Full time taught postgraduate students are normally registered with the University for one academic session and their student record is in a single "term" in Banner. The maximum registration period allowed by the University is the standard duration of the programme plus two years "top up". 
If students need additional time to complete their programme and schools are happy to support the request, following the process below will ensure the student record is updated as appropriate.
WHAT SCHOOLS NEED TO DO
EXTENSIONS OF LESS THAN FOUR WEEKS
Inform the Programmes and Assessment (Operations) team via email with the new expected completion date. Operations will then update the record accordingly, no form required.
EXTENSIONS WITHIN THE MAXIMUM TIME PERIOD
Complete an extension request form and submit it to Programmes and Assessment (Operations), ideally at least two months before the end of the student's current completion date.
A separate extension form is required for each student and each new extension (unless the new extension is for less than four weeks).  Extensions can be granted for a maximum of one academic year at a time.
Operations will then inform the relevant teams, including the Library, of the student's new expected completion date once an extension has been approved and processed. The school contact will receive an email confirming if the extension is granted at the same time. 
The record will remain in the current Banner "term" and only the end date will be amended if the new expected completion date is no later than the next month end i.e the term record of an October starter can be extended until the end of November.
For extensions of a greater duration that the above, Programmes and Assessment (Operations) will create a new term record for which the student will need to register for.
EXTENSIONS BEYOND THE MAXIMUM TIME LIMIT 
Once the two year "top up" period has elapsed, extensions can only be granted by the Student Cases team in the Secretariat.
FEES
An extension fee is applicable but it is at the School's discretion whether the fee should be charged or waived.
SCENARIOS WHERE AN EXTENSION REQUEST FORM IS NOT REQUIRED
The following scenarios entail the student being registered for longer than the initial study period but are not classed as extensions.
STUDENTS ON "TOP UP" DEGREES
Some programmes of study allow students to start on a PGCert or PGDip qualification and "top up" to a Masters degree. There are two ways in which the student record can be managed.
CONTINUOUS STUDY
If the student is progressing from the PGCert or PGDip to the Masters programme without a gap, update Banner by using the change of programme process. Then contact Programmes and Assessment (Operations) and ask them to review and update the record as necessary in order for the student to be able to register if required.
NON-CONTINUOUS STUDY
If the School has made the award then then the student will need to reapply to the University with "advance standing".
REPEATING OR RESITTING OR GRANTED FIRST ATTEMPTS
Banner is updated following submission of results after exam boards via Operations being notified by the Examination team.
RELATED ITEMS
EXTENSION REQUEST FORM (TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE)
Form for requesting extensions to study period for taught postgraduate students.
EXTENSION REQUEST FORM (TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE)
Form for requesting extensions to study period for taught postgraduate students.
If taught postgraduates need an extension to their study period of more than four weeks the Extension request form should be completed by the parent school. 
SUPERNUMERARY MODULES
Supernumerary modules are modules chosen by students for interest only and are taken as extra credits on top of the normal amount of credits for the year of study (usually 120 credits for an undergraduate Programme Year or 180 for a postgraduate Programme Year).
SUPERNUMERARY MODULES
Supernumerary modules are modules chosen by students for interest only and are taken as extra credits on top of the normal amount of credits for the year of study (usually 120 credits for an undergraduate Programme Year or 180 for a postgraduate Programme Year).
Students are permitted to register for up to 20 credits of supernumerary modules each year (at the discretion of the parent school) and schools must inform the Exams and Progress Team of the choice at the beginning of the session and before the deadline for changing modules (see Timeline of Events for deadlines). 
Credits gained in supernumerary modules cannot be counted for progression or classification purposes (e.g. a student passing 70 credits plus a 10-credit supernumerary module is not permitted to include the supernumerary credits to give them the 80 credits required to progress).
Where any supernumerary modules are required to meet the learning outcomes of a specific programme, the rule as to whether these credits count for classification should be stated in the Programme Specification and made clear in corresponding material for students. Where students opt to take supernumerary modules outside of the Programme Specification these do not count towards classification.
Supernumerary modules will be recorded on Banner with a status of SN and marks gained for such modules will appear on official transcripts.
TIMETABLING
This section is designed to provide teaching staff with information about the timetabling process so that you can engage with your timetabler in line with timetabling policy and deadlines.
 TIMETABLING
This section is designed to provide teaching staff with information about the timetabling process so that you can engage with your timetabler in line with timetabling policy and deadlines.
Find answers to frequently asked questions along with links to useful resources for planning your teaching timetable, such as teaching week patterns and term dates. Links to view the University's online timetable for the current academic year, by programme, by module or by room are also contained in this section.
WHEN YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR SCHOOL TIMETABLER
The School Timetabler is responsible for producing the annual teaching timetable.
 
WHEN YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR SCHOOL TIMETABLER
The School Timetabler is responsible for producing the annual teaching timetable.
Here are some examples of when you should contact your School Timetabler:
To discuss timetable changes.
To report issues with your timetable.
For room queries, however, any equipment faults should be reported to the Facilities Directorate Helpdesk on 0113 343 555 (ext. 35555). See facilities support services for further information.
To book a school-owned room (all year).
To update the lecture capture settings for your on-campus teaching.
To request changes to student groups.
You can find the contact details of your School Timetabler here. SCHOOL TIMETABLER CONTACT LIST
If you need to contact the timetabler for your school, here is a full list of names and contact details.
FACULTY OF ARTS, HUMANITIES AND CULTURES

FACULTY OF BUSINESS

 
FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES

 
FACULTY OF ENGINEERING AND PHYSICAL SCIENCES

 
FACULTY OF ENVIRONMENT

 
FACULTY OF MEDICINE AND HEALTH


SCHOOL TIMETABLER CONTACT LIST
If you need to contact the timetabler for your school, here is a full list of names and contact details.
 
SCHOOL TIMETABLER CONTACT LIST
If you need to contact the timetabler for your school, here is a full list of names and contact details.
FACULTY OF ARTS, HUMANITIES AND CULTURES

 
FACULTY OF BUSINESS

 
FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES

 
FACULTY OF ENGINEERING AND PHYSICAL SCIENCES

 
FACULTY OF ENVIRONMENT

 
FACULTY OF MEDICINE AND HEALTH



FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Here are some questions timetablers are frequently asked.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Here are some questions timetablers are frequently asked.
If you can’t find the answer to your question, please contact your School Timetabler for further guidance, you can find contact details here.
HOW DO I FIND MY STAFF ONLINE TIMETABLE?
By logging into MyTimetable. Instructions for how to do this can be found here.
WHY ARE THE TEACHING TERM WEEKS NUMBERED THE WAY THEY ARE?
Several schools teach throughout the year, not just during the standard term time so we need a timetable that runs for 52 weeks. The teaching term week pattern allows us to timetable and easily reference weeks outside of the standard term in a way that works with the restrictions of the timetabling software.
WHERE CAN I FIND THE TEACHING TERM WEEK PATTERN CALENDAR?
You can download the teaching week pattern calendar from here. The University also has a printable year planner which shows the University close days to help with your planning.
WHAT DOES ALL THE INFORMATION ON MY TIMETABLE MEAN?
If you look at your timetable in MyTimetable mobile view (default), you will a list of your upcoming teaching. Each activity that appears on the list will include:
Module Code
Activity name, (e.g. ARAB311001/LEC 1/01 <7-12, 14-17> [ONLINE - Live via Collaborate] which is made up of:
Module Code  (or codes for Jointly Taught activities)
The activity type (e.g. lecture (LEC), tutorial (TUT))
The group number for this particular activity
Content in the < > is for timetablers use
Content in the [ ] is the delivery method
Location
When you select each activity, you will see the following additional information:
Type (e.g. Lecture, Tutorial)
Staff Name
[Optional] Note (e.g. topics, guest speaker names, locations that are not included in the timetabling software)
Recording Status Recording, Recording (Audio and Screen only) or Not Recording. Please note that this only relates to on campus lecture capture.
WHERE CAN I FIND DIRECTIONS TO THE ROOM MY TEACHING IS TAKING PLACE IN?
You can find room information and directions to every Central Teaching Space room on campus here. If you are teaching in a school owned room and unsure of what equipment the room has or how to find it, please contact your School Timetabler.
I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE EQUIPMENT IN A ROOM I’VE BOOKED, WHO SHOULD I CONTACT?
Equipment and room faults should be reported to the Facilities Directorate Helpdesk on 0113 343 5555 (ext. 35555), further information can be found here.
HOW DO I MAKE AN AD-HOC LECTURE RECORDING IN AN ON-CAMPUS ROOM?
Guidance on how to use Record Now (formerly Ad-hoc Recorder) can be found in the IT knowledge base.
WHY IS MY TIMETABLE BLANK?
If you are a new member of staff or an existing member of staff whose HR ID number has changed this can prevent your timetable from appearing. In this case, contact your School Timetabler, remembering to provide your HR ID number and username so that they can check the correct number is entered into the timetable system.
You may not have been attached to any teaching yet, contact your School Timetabler if you are expecting to see teaching.
WHY IS MY TIMETABLE INCOMPLETE?
You may not have been attached to all your teaching yet, contact your School Timetabler to ensure they are aware that you have teaching outstanding.
Your School Timetabler may not have been notified you are teaching, please contact them so that they can arrange for your timetable to be updated.
HOW QUICKLY CAN I SEE CHANGES MADE TO MY TIMETABLE?
Once your School Timetabler has indicated the change has been made it usually takes around 15 minutes for the online timetable to reflect the change. It can occasionally take longer – if a change is still not visible after 24 hours please report this to your School Timetabler.
CAN I SYNC MY ONLINE STAFF TIMETABLE TO MY OUTLOOK CALENDAR?
Yes, you can find instructions on how to do this on the help section on MyTimetable, under the section ‘Connecting calendar options’.
WHERE CAN I SEE A MODULE OR PROGRAMME TIMETABLE?
You can find module and programme timetables here.
I HAVE ACCESSIBILITY NEEDS AND AM TEACHING ON-CAMPUS, WHAT DO I NEED TO DO?
Contact your School Timetabler. You do not need to provide any specific details other than what kind of room would be suitable, e.g. wheelchair access, level access, assistive listening system. It would be helpful if you could contact your timetabler as soon as you know what teaching you would like to take place on-campus so that the request for a suitable room can be made.
WHEN DO CLASSES START AND FINISH?
Classes are usually timetabled between 9am and 6pm, Monday to Friday, except for Wednesdays afternoons after 1pm; where possible, teaching for UG students is avoided after 1pm. Sometimes classes fall outside of these times – where specialist facilities are required or due to the nature of the teaching. Lessons should ideally start at 5 past and finish at 5 to the hour to allow staff and students time to move out of the room and to their next class.
HOW DO I BOOK A ROOM FOR AN ACTIVITY THAT ISN’T TEACHING?
You can request rooms using the web room booking system. Do not use the room booking system to book teaching activities as they won't appear on your students' timetables. This includes teaching outside core hours.
I NEED TO RESCHEDULE MY TEACHING DUE TO AN UNFORSEEN EVENT, WHAT SHOULD I DO?
Contact your School Timetabler, providing the name of the activity as it appears on your timetable and when you would like to reschedule it to so they can look at alternatives. If you need to cancel your teaching at short-notice, please remember to email your students.
A STUDENT HAS CONTACTED ME TO ASK IF THEY CAN CHANGE GROUPS, IS THIS POSSIBLE?
Contact your School Timetabler for guidance. Groups sizes are carefully monitored, the School Timetablers should be kept informed of any changes so they can make sure groups are accurate in the timetabling system.
MY GROUPS OF STUDENTS ARE NOT THE SAME AS MY ATTENDANCE MONITORING CLASS LISTS, WHAT DO I NEED TO DO?
Contact your School Timetabler for guidance. The attendance monitoring system takes information directly from the timetabing system, so should be correct as long as the group information held in timetabling system is also correct. If you have students in your class that are not listed, they may be attending your group in error. The Timetabler may contact them to advise them of their correct group or re-allocate them to your group.
 
HOW TO ACCESS YOUR TIMETABLE AND CLASSLISTS
We recommend you check your staff online timetable to make sure it reflects the teaching you expect to deliver, you can find this by logging into MyTimetable* via Minerva.
HOW TO ACCESS YOUR ONLINE TIMETABLE AND CLASSLISTS
We recommend you check your staff online timetable to make sure it reflects the teaching you expect to deliver, you can find this by logging into MyTimetable* via Minerva.
*Launched in January 2021, MyTimetable is a new, visually improved way to view your timetable.
HOW TO VIEW YOUR ONLINE TIMETABLE
Open a web browser and navigate to Minerva.
Enter your username@leeds.ac.uk (e.g. extdto@leeds.ac.uk) into the Username field.
Enter your password into the Password field.
Click on the Login button.
Click on the calendar icon beneath the ‘Teach’ tab – this will take you to your MyTimetable calendar.
This will take you to MyTimetable. From here, you can either remain on the default mobile site (where you can see your upcoming activities) or navigate to the desktop site (where you have more viewing options).
To navigate to the desktop site, go to the main menu (icon on the top left corner), scroll down and select ‘Go to desktop site’. Once on the desktop site, you can select day, week, month, or list from the tabs across the top of the page. To return to the mobile view, just select ‘Mobile’ from the top of the page.
Draft staff timetables are published in early July and finalised in early September; your School Timetabler will remind you of these dates as part of the timetabling process.
HOW TO VIEW YOUR CLASSLISTS
You can continue to access your class lists through Faculty Services, instructions for which can be found below:
LOG ONTO FACULTY SERVICES
Log onto Minerva.
Click on the third icon on the top right (‘Access Faculty Services’).
Enter your username@leeds.ac.uk (e.g. extdto@leeds.ac.uk) into the Username field.
Enter your password into the Password field.
Click on the Login button.
VIEW YOUR CLASSLISTS
Once you have logged into Faculty Services, click on the Student Information tab.
Click on the Student List by activity/session link.
On the page that opens, select the relevant activity from the Activity list.
Click on the Submit button.
If you scroll to the bottom of the resulting list of students, you will be presented with the option to
Mail All – this will give you a list of email addresses that you can cut and paste into the To or BCC field of the email you want to send.
Export to Excel – click this button and then the OK button to view or save the list. 
TEACHING WEEK PATTERNS
2021/22 Teaching Week Patterns
 TEACHING WEEK PATTERNS
2021/22 Teaching Week Patterns

2020/21 Teaching Week Patterns

Some 2020/21 TPG modules will teach into September 2021, for further details please contact your School Timetabler
UNIVERSITY KEY DATES
The Almanac provides details of key University dates for the academic session, and is updated during the year, where necessary, to reflect any changes.
 UNIVERSITY KEY DATES
The Almanac provides details of key University dates for the academic session, and is updated during the year, where necessary, to reflect any changes.
You can find the Almanac here.Almanac (2020-21, 2021-22)
 
The Almanac provides details of key University dates for the academic session, and is updated during the year, where necessary, to reflect any changes.
Indicative key dates for future sessions are available via a Forward Planner published by Taught Student Administration. Please note that dates in the Forward Planner are fixed for two years in advance, on a rolling basis, with dates thereafter designated as 'indicative'. The Forward Planner is accessible here.
The Almanac is also available within the Outlook public folders under CORPORATE SERVICES. Users of Outlook/Exchange can transfer information from the Almanac folder to their own Outlook calendars.
The University and LUU have identified a selection of key holy days and festivals. Staff should give appropriate consideration to these dates to try, where possible, to avoid planning significant events when some people would feel that their religious observance limits their ability to participate. Further information (including guidance on responding to requests from staff and students for flexibility on grounds of religion or belief) is available from the Equality Service.
For further information about the Almanac, please contact the Secretariat (Rebecca Messenger-Clark).
To view the Almanac for the previous session, please click on the following link:
2012-13 2013-14 2014-15 2015-16 2016-17 2017-18 2018-19 2019-20

 You can download the year planner here.
         

* Indicates common dates applicable to most - but not all - of the University's learning and teaching provision.

 
2020: Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
2021: Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
2022: Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul


 
August 2020

Back to top of page
September 2020

Back to top of page
October 2020

Back to top of page
November 2020

Back to top of page
December 2020

Back to top of page
January 2021

Back to top of page
February 2021

Back to top of page
March 2021

Back to top of page
April 2021

Back to top of page
May 2021

Back to top of page
June 2021


Back to top of page
July 2021

Back to top of page
August 2021

Back to top of page
September 2021


Back to top of page
October 2021

Back to top of page
November 2021


Back to top of page
December 2021

Back to top of page
January 2022

Back to top of page
February 2022


Back to top of page
March 2022

Back to top of page
April 2022

Back to top of page
May 2022

Back to top of page
June 2022

Back to top of page
July 2022

Print friendly PDF year planners can be found here.
Year planner
2020/21 year planner – portrait
2020/21 year planner – landscape
2020/21 year planner – landscape (editable Excel spreadsheet)
A 2021 Religious Festival and Events Calendar is also available to download from the Equality Policy Unit website.
2019/20 year planner - portrait
2019/20 year planner - landscape
2019/20 year planner - editable spreadsheet
The University also publishes a religious festivals and events calendar
2018/19 year planner - portrait
2018/19 year planner - landscape
2018/19 year planner - editable spreadsheet
ROOM AND BUILDING INFORMATION
Find out where the main University teaching building and rooms are with our interactive campus map.
 ROOM AND BUILDING INFORMATION
Find out where the main University teaching building and rooms are with our interactive campus map.
TIMETABLE VIEWS
You can access Module, Programme and Location timetables from this page.
 
TIMETABLE VIEWS
You can access Module, Programme and Location timetables from this page.
When viewing timetables, you have the option to select the semester or week you want to view along with the option to view the timetable in a list or grid view.
You may find the list view easier to interpret.




Timetables are subject to change; you should check your personal timetable regularly to ensure that you are either on campus or online at the right times. 
ROOM BOOKINGS FOR AD-HOC ACTIVITIES
Book rooms for ad hoc activities using the web booking system.
 ROOM BOOKINGS FOR AD-HOC ACTIVITIES
Book rooms for ad hoc activities using the web booking system.
You can find the web room booking system here. Arrangements differ depending on the type of activity and whether it is during or out of term time. Restrictions also apply during exam and graduation periods. BOOK A ROOM
Book rooms for ad hoc activities using our web booking system.
Arrangements differ depending on the type of activity and whether it is during or out of term time. Restrictions also apply during exam and graduation periods.
DUE TO CURRENT CIRCUMSTANCES THE WEB ROOM BOOKING SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE.
PLEASE EMAIL TIMETABLE@LEEDS.AC.UK IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO ENQUIRE ABOUT BOOKING A ROOM ON CAMPUS FOR AN AD HOC ACTIVITY. 
 
 TEACHING
Do not use the room booking system to book teaching activities. They won't appear on your students' timetables. This includes teaching outside core hours. Contact your school timetabler for advice. 
There is no room charge for teaching activities. 
ONE-OFF INTERNAL BOOKINGS
Timetabled teaching takes precedence so we can only confirm ad hoc room bookings during teaching hours (9am-6pm) in semesters 1 and 2 once the teaching timetable is confirmed in mid-September. 
For one-off, internal bookings made on campus, use the room booking system and follow the on-screen instructions. You can currently book rooms for dates up to 16 August 2020 out of term weeks only.
Our online booking system lets anyone with a University staff username book centrally owned teaching and meeting rooms, as well as some department-owned rooms (IT clusters; Biological Sciences; Media and Communication; Dentistry; Education; Philosophy, Religion and History of Science; Civil Engineering; Healthcare). 
You can:
book rooms for meetings and activities
find the most relevant location for your event
view all your bookings
cancel a booking 
Contact the timetabling team directly to:
make, cancel or change same or next day bookings
for urgent enquiries.
The team can also be reached by phone on x34009. 
 
CONFERENCES AND EXTERNAL EVENTS
You can either organise your conference through the University's conference management service or, if your budget is tight, you may consider managing the event yourself.
There are three charging levels depending on who books the event and how it is managed. To qualify for an internal rate, you will need an internal account number when booking. 
USING THE UNIVERSITY'S CONFERENCE MANAGEMENT SERVICE TO MANAGE YOUR CONFERENCE
Conferences can be booked by University staff or by external organisations through the Conferences and Events team. This team has the skills and expertise to manage your event and ensure all arrangements for the conference are delivered in a highly professional way. Visit the Meet in Leeds website for details of the conference management service offered.
ORGANISING YOUR CONFERENCE INDEPENDENTLY
If you have a limited budget and choose not to use the services offered by the Conference and Events team, you can book rooms via the Timetabling team. 
CORE ROOMS
Core rooms are reserved by the Conferences and Events team up to the following cut-off dates:
1 October for Christmas vacation
1 February for Easter vacation
1 May for summer vacation.
After these dates the rooms are released for general access. If you want to book a room before the cut-off date, please contact the Conference and Events team. To book a core room after the cut-off date or book central teaching space at any time, please contact the timetable team.
Charges may be payable for booking core rooms and the level of the charge depends on what the room is booked for and how the booking is managed.
If there is a reason why you believe the conference cannot go ahead unless the room charge is waived, please contact the timetable manager. 
BOOKING CATERING AND ADDITIONAL EQUIPMENT
Catering is available through the Conferences and Events team. Please check the catering menus and pricing. If you need media or audio-visual equipment, please check the estates and campus support services website. To qualify for an internal rate, you'll need an internal account number when booking.
ROOM USAGE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
For terms and conditions of use, room locations, photos and facilities, health and safety information, and PC logins for guests please refer to the room usage webpage.  
ROOM USAGE
Find out about the terms and conditions of room usage and other information that may be helpful when using a room.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By booking a room you are accepting our terms and conditions of usage (PDF) and protocol on freedom of expression (PDF).
ROOM INFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE
To view information about the room including photos and directions please check the room information pages.
If you encounter any problems with the room(s) you have booked please contact Facilities Support Services.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
If your room booking is for an event, a risk assessment may be required. For further guidance, including definition of an 'event', please make sure you check the Health and safety services website.
GUEST SPEAKERS
If you are hosting a guest speaker who will require a login for University PCs they can apply for a username from IT Services.
TIMETABLING POLICIES AND GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS
This section contains published University Timetabling policies and timelines. It also contains useful guidance documents for other systems that are linked to the timetabling system.
 TIMETABLING POLICIES AND GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS
This section contains published University Timetabling policies and timelines. It also contains useful guidance documents for other systems that are linked to the timetabling system.
REARRANGING SCHEDULED TEACHING
Teaching should only be rearranged where unavoidable. Taught Student Education Board has outlined how changes should be made and communicated to students.
If teaching does have to be cancelled and rearranged, the Policy on rearranging scheduled teaching (PDF) outlines the correct way to do this and how any new arrangements should be communicated to students.
HOW TO MAKE AD-HOC RECORDINGS ON CAMPUS
You can use the Record Now application installed on all podium PCs to make a manual recording. Instructions on how to do this can be found here.
 How to use Record Now (formerly Ad-hoc Recorder)
To record a non-timetabled event in a teaching room with lecture capture recording facilities, you can use the Record Now application installed on all podium PCs to do a manual recording. Book the space in advance using the Online room booking system. Log in to the podium PC using your University username and password. Important Note: the user who logs onto the PC will be the owner of the recording and will be able to control who has access to view it. When you are ready to record, double click on the icon on the Record Now Launcher icon on the desktop. You will be prompted to login using your username@leeds.ac.uk and usual password.
Please Note: If you have already logged into another University system, such as Minerva or Office 365, you will not be prompted to log in as Record Now uses the University's secure Single Sign On.
The Record Now interface will open (shown below) and you will see different options depending on the room standard you are in:
Bronze Rooms - You will only have the option to 'Record without video camera' (as these rooms do not have video cameras)
Silver/Silver Plus Rooms - You will have the option to 'Record with video camera' or 'Record without video camera' if you don't want to use the in-room video camera
Platinum Rooms - You will have the option to record all inputs with or without video camera (and the digital whiteboards if they are turned on)
In this guide, I will record in a Silver Room to record the PC, microphone and video camera.
Using Record Now
After launching Record Now from the desktop, enter a title for your recording. Enter a duration. The default is 55 minutes but this can be changed if needed. Click Begin Recording under the type of recording you want to do. In this case, 'Record with video camera' Record Now will create a schedule, sync with the Recorder in the room and then start recording. This can take up to 2 minutes. Once the recording has started, you will see the recording interface (shown below). The red recording light on the podium will also illuminate. Please Note: You can pause or end the recording using the 'Pause Recording' or 'Stop Recording' options shown below: You can also pause your recording by pressing the red button on the lectern once (and once again to resume). To end the recording, press and hold this button for 5 seconds. Once you have finished your recording by clicking 'Stop Recording', you will be see the 'Recording Ended' menu (shown below). To do another recording, click Main Menu. Alternatively, you can view your recordings in Mediasite or logout if you have finished. Your recording will be uploaded to Mediasite and within 8 hours you will be sent an email saying your recording is available. You can then review, edit and share your recording.  
HELP ON USING LECTURE CAPTURE
The IT knowledge base has a number of guides relating to the lecture capture system. You can find the guides here. Mediasite Mosaic for Windows
Mediasite Mosaic is a new, modern recording application from Sonic Foundry which will ultimately replace the Mediasite Desktop Recorder. It is now available for Windows (via the Microsoft Store) and M...
 KB0015160 •  221 Views •  2mo ago
Introduction to Lecture Capture and Media Management
Welcome to the Lecture Capture and Media Management system at the University of Leeds. This page provides an overview of what the system offers and how it can be used.
 KB0012368 •  70 Views •  7mo ago
Storage Quotas and Module Folders in Mediasite
Mediasite content is stored in two key locations: personal captures are stored in My Drafts and scheduled lecture capture recordings are stored in the relevant module folder. Important Note: My Prese...
 KB0011542 •  67 Views •  5mo ago
Download and register Mediasite recording software
This article explores the Capture Video options in Mediasite and how you can download the correct Mediasite application to create your own digital content. There are currently two Mediasite applicatio...
 KB0012418 •  59 Views •  11mo ago
Lecture Capture Retention and Deletion Policy
This policy statement relates to the storage of scheduled Lecture Capture recordings. These are recordings of teaching sessions e.g. lectures managed via the timetable system. This policy does not app...
 KB0013428 •  56 Views •  11mo ago
How to link (and embed) Mediasite content to a module in Minerva
This article shows members of staff how to link or embed Mediasite content to a module in Minerva. You will need to do this for Mediasite Desktop Recordings, files uploaded to Mediasite or Ad-hoc Reco...
 KB0011831 •  50 Views •  6mo ago
Mediasite Mosaic for MacOS
Mediasite Mosaic is a modern replacement for the Mediasite Desktop Recorder to help you create digital content from screencasts, video feedback and podcasts. This guide shows you how to install, regis...
 KB0014816 •  48 Views •  3mo ago
Importing your scheduled Zoom meeting into Mediasite
This article explains how to automatically import your scheduled Zoom meeting into Mediasite. Only scheduled Zoom meetings which are labelled as teaching content and recorded to the Zoom cloud will be...
 KB0015202 •  44 Views •  2mo ago
TIMETABLING TIMELINE FOR 2020/21
Please contact your School Timetabler for further details.The timeline for 2020/21 has been adjusted in response to COVID-19.
GENERAL TIMETABLING TIMELINE AND PROCESSES
Your School Timetabler is provided with a comprehensive timeline and deadline dates to build the timetable. A high level overview of the timetable timeline and process can be found here (DOCX).
GUIDANCE FOR TEACHING STAFF: THE TIMETABLE AND DELIVERY METHODS
When thinking about the timetable and delivery methods you wish to adopt for your teaching here are some key points to keep in mind.
 GUIDANCE FOR TEACHING STAFF: THE TIMETABLE AND DELIVERY METHODS
When thinking about the timetable and delivery methods you wish to adopt for your teaching here are some key points to keep in mind.
Unfortunately there is no dynamic link between the University timetabling software and Minerva, Collaborate Ultra, Zoom or Microsoft Teams. 
The University timetable informs students and staff of the activities associated with their modules, and where provided by the module team, the delivery method. This helps students to understand what they need to do to access their learning, (e.g. Live - Online via Collaborate, On-campus, See Minerva). 
If you have yet to decide on the delivery method for your module activities you may ask your timetabler to annotate activities with See Minerva. Whilst this if fine to do, it does mean that you and your module team will need to ensure you guide students carefully on how they access the learning shown on their University timetables (e.g. you might post Minerva annoucements and/or update a document in Minerva with what they need to do each week).
HYBRID MODES OF DELIVERY When considering a hybrid model of delivery please keep in mind timetablers can only timetable in 30 minute increments.  Let’s consider a particular scenario: if you want a 15 minute online lecture followed by 35 minute online discussion this will appear on the timetable as a 1 hour online activity. It will not be possible for the timetabler to provide a greater level of detail on the timetable, you would need to communicate the structure to students through other methods (e.g. an announcement or outline document in Minerva). It may be possible in some cases to add a description of 5-6 words to an activity, however, this would need to be discussed with your timetabler as this option is not always available.
USING COLLABORATE ULTRA If you have a module with no concurrent teaching (e.g. none of the small group teaching on your module is taught at the same time) and have less than 250 participants you can simply use the Collaborate Ultra default Course Room. You and your students join the Course Room at the time shown on your University timetable. It is good practice to check the participant settings before your teaching starts. Guidance on how to use the Course room can be found here.
If you have concurrent teaching on your module and or expect more than 250 students to join then there will be a requirement to set up sessions to facilitate this. These sessions can then be used as individual tutor rooms.The SES have provided additional guidance for the 2020/21 session on using/setting up Collaborate Ultra for online teaching.
Activities with more than 250 attendees. Teaching activities with more than 250 attendees will be converted to a webinar for up to 500 attendees. Some participant features become unavailable in webinar mode – key ones to keep in mind are:
Guests can only be participants in webinars 
Break out groups are disabled
Participants cannot share audio, video or draw on whiteboards or files.
It is however possible for moderators to turn on chat during the webinar. If you have more than 500 attendees it may be necessary to double teach.
If you have any jointly taught activities with other modules, one module will need to be used to host the online activity in Collaborate whilst the students on the other modules use a guest link (set to Participant) to join as required. You can find more information on how to set this up by reading the additional guidance the SES have provided on setting up Collaborate sessions for 2020/21.
USING ZOOM OR TEAMS If you wish to use Zoom or Teams for personal 1-2-1 tutorials you will need to ensure you schedule meetings as required and that the link is shared with your students.
If you intend on using Zoom or Teams for teaching then you will need to ensure you schedule calendar meetings to match the times shown on the University timetable to avoid confusing students. Please remember to let the timetabler know these need to be annotated - via Zoom or via Teams. It may possible for timetablers to add links to these ‘meetings’ to the student’s personal timetable (please discuss this with your timetabler as this is not always possible).
PRE-RECORDED TEACHING If you have advised your timetabler that an activity will be delivered using Pre-Recorded content you will need to ensure that your students are aware of how to access the recordings (e.g. in Minerva in a particular folder you have set up). Unless you have asked for pre-recorded activities to appear on the timetable these will be removed as agreed in the Production of the teaching timetable for the 2020-2021 academic session paper that accompanied the Student Education 2020-2021 Delivery Principles. If you have asked that pre-recorded activitities appear on the student’s timetable these only act as a reminder that the content should be watched.
ON-CAMPUS TEACHING As in previous years, the location will appear on University timetables for any on-campus teaching requests. Marshalls will be located in each building used for teaching to aid safe entrance and exit for staff and students. Signage will be in place to help everyone move safely around campus. Along with the deep clean that takes place at the end of the day, rooms used for teaching have been blocked out for an hour between 12 noon and 2pm for deep cleaning. Sanitiser and wipes will also available in teaching rooms for users to make use of.
N.B. Both Zoom and Teams require you to scheduling meetings to use as virtual classrooms which could lead to a disconnect between the meetings you schedule and what appears on the University timetables. This disconnect could happen due to number of reasons, the most common being data entry error when adding them to your calendar or changes made to the University timetables that are then not made to your calendar items. Please remember to make the necessary changes to your Zoom and Teams sessions if you ask timetablers to amend the timetable.
Scheduling sessions in Collaborate Ultra can also lead to similar issues - though there is no need to schedule sessions if you using the Course Room as you simply join it at the time shown on your timetable. 
Unlike Zoom, Collaborate Ultra and the new Microsoft Class Teams inherit enrolment data from Banner so if a student changes modules these changes will appear overnight minimising the risk of them missing teaching – you will not be required to manually add, remove or invite students.
TIMETABLING REFERENCE MATERIALS
This page contains information for Timetablers.
TIMETABLING REFERENCE MATERIALS
This page contains information for Timetablers.
All other content for Timetablers has been migrated to the Timetabler Intranet site. If you do not have permissions to access the intranet site and have timetabling as part of your role please contact timetable@leeds.ac.uk to request access.
SYLLABUS PLUS IMAGE FILES
Live image files are updated on a weekly basis.
2122 image file (login required)
2021 image file (login required)
1920 image file (archived image - full year - no login required)
1819 image file (archived image - full year - no login required)
1718 image file (archived image - full year - no login required)
1617 image file (archived image - full year - no login required)
SYLLABUS PLUS LICENCES
Requires access to update files on the C drive of your PC.
Install or update your licence files for Syllabus Plus.
An option box should pop up, if it doesn't click on the downloaded file at the bottom of your browser window.
Choose the 'Open' option if prompted.
In the window that opens, double click to run the SplusLicenceUpdate file.
A security window may pop up, click 'Run' to continue.
You should get a message to tell you that your licences have been updated, press any key to close the window. If you do not receive the 'Licences updated' message, copy the SplusLicenceUpdate file to your desktop and run it from there.
If you experience any issues while updating your licence files please contact the IT Service Desk.
STUDENT LEAVERS
Occasionally a student will decide to leave the University early. When this happens, there are a number of things to remember.
STUDENT LEAVERS
Occasionally a student will decide to leave the University early. When this happens, there are a number of things to remember.
If a student informs you they are leaving the University, you will need to fill in a leaver's form and make the student aware how much they owe in terms of fees.
WHEN A STUDENT LEAVES
This page explains processes to follow when a student asks to, or is advised to, to take time out of their studies temporarily or leave permanently.
 
WHEN A STUDENT LEAVES
This page explains processes to follow when a student asks to, or is advised to, to take time out of their studies temporarily or leave permanently.
“Leaver” is a term used to refer to students who, in exceptional circumstances, are officially authorised to either take temporary time out of their studies lasting more than 4 weeks, or permanently leave their programme before completion. Leave requests are discussed between the student and School, and then submitted by the school to the Operations team or Student Cases, as below. Please note, postgraduate research should follow guidance on the postgraduate researchers page.
RECENT UPDATES TO LEAVER PROCESSES
The presumed withdrawn process used before November 2019 has been replaced by SOPAM guidance from October 2020, detailed on the presumed leavers page. 
Guidance for taking leave in the 2020/21 year was issued in late June 2020 by the Student Cases team in the Secretariat. There are notes in their staff SharePoint guidance folder, including FAQs and examples in the annexes, on temporary leave (leave related to the student’s personal circumstances, after week 8 of teaching) and exceptional leave (where leave is related to covid-19 teaching and assessment adjustments or otherwise does not meet standard leave guidelines). Links are to pdf, both pdf and word versions of the guidance are available in the SharePoint folder.
Key changes to the general leave process as of July 2020 include: 
SWATSLF is no longer required – please do NOT use this Banner screen
independent evidence must be held for ALL reasons of temporary leave
authorisations are entirely email based (please ensure student authorisation is clear and explicit about what is being authorised, confiriming on submission “the leave request details attached are those the student has authorised”)
On the latest Taught Student Leave form for standard requests, schools must tick to confirm that any temporary leave requests submitted are NOT within the “exceptional leave” category as defined by Student Cases.
BASELINE EXPECTATIONS ON ALL STUDENTS
Students are required to attend all aspects of study expected by their programme and School. 
Students commit to a year’s fees on registration – only in exceptional circumstances will the University not require payment of full fees.
Though students can request a change in status, Operations/Student Cases decide when a change in status is approved. Schools should NOT be requesting that Operations/Student Cases back date.
All leave requests submitted by schools are only made when the student has been given reasonable advice and signposting regarding the implications of their leave request, and if taking temporary leave, that the school and student have discussed conditions of return (see Conditions of Return template form for School and student use as a guide – not for submission).
GENERAL PROCESS FOR LEAVE REQUESTS
We expect three broad stages in leave requests:
Student and School to agree the details of the request (documented conversations)
Submission of the request (clearly authorised submission from School to Operations or Student Cases as below) 
Supporting return to study (temporary leave only)
Details of these are on the temporary leavers and permanent leavers pages.
ROUTES FOR LEAVE REQUESTS
Schools can only send standard Taught Student Leave requests to Operations within the standard guidelines outlined on the temporary and permanent leavers pages. Otherwise, the School needs to email a leave request t oStudent Cases with the relevant Student Cases form i.e. Student Cases temporary leave request after week 8 teaching or Student Cases exceptional leave request where other guidelines are not met. In summary: 
Leave requests within standard guidelines: Taught Student Leavers Form (for Standard Requests) submitted to studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk with university email authorisation of the form from student and staff (latter can be fulfilled by the submission email itself). Staff should confirm “the leave details attached are those which the student has authorised”.
Leave requests not within week 8 standard guideline (i.e. after week 8): Student Cases application for temporary leave as per Student Cases SharePoint guidance. Please see the temporary leavers page for an explanation of the week 8 guideline.
Leave requests not within standard guidelines for any other reason beyond week 8: Student Cases application for exceptional leave as per Student Cases SharePoint guidance.
A NOTE ON THE START DATE OF LEAVE
The leave start date requested (such as on a taught student leavers' form) is used as an indicative date only. The leave start date finalised on the student record (Banner) by the University’s Operations team reflects when the leave request is fully approved by the University. Specifically, the leave start date requested on the form must be within 10 working days of the completed submission to Operations (studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk). Backdating leave beyond this is NOT allowed. Please be aware that incomplete requests for whatever reason may need to be resubmitted and so can cause delays to the time limit, so please submit as soon as possible. Degree Apprenticeships are exception to standard leave date regulations. Due to the nature of the contracts covering Degree Apprenticeship courses, their leave start date must reflect the last instance of learning.
Conversley, please do not submit standard requests with a start of leave date on the form in the future, or if really neccessary not beyond more than one working week.
The leaving date in Banner will be used to notify external organisations e.g. Home Office and the Student Loans Company. To ensure the consistency of this information, only the central Student Education Service teams, in particular the Student Services Counter team (not Schools) provide verification of the leaving date.
ALTERNATIVES TO LEAVE REQUESTS
There are other processes that run alongside temporary leave. These may be a more relevant route to pursue and include:
Mitigating circumstances process for examinations issues (within School or Student Cases)
Unsatisfactory Work, Attendance and Engagement Procedure (UWAEP), which may or may not result in enforced temporary or permanent leave (Student Cases) or presumed withdrawal (Operations, see link on this list)
Standard Operating Procedure for Attendance Monitoring (SOPAM), which relates to presumed leavers and UWAEP in this list.
Fit to Study procedure (TBC including ill health exclusion) (Student Cases)
Study Success meetings (within School)
Progression exercise (within School following school examination boards, reporting taught undergraduate students who have exhausted all resit examination attempts)
Referred students procedure (Student Cases)
Presumed (permanent) leavers – please read the the link for more details
DEFERRALS
For students who are not fully registered, deferrals can be made by the student and/or school emailing registration@leeds.ac.uk confirming the student as a deferral (No Show), and also notifying your relevant admissions team to then make the update on Banner admissions screens, to create a new record for the student into the new cohort.
For fully registered students, the deferral will need to be updated depending on their start of teaching date (and the application of the 14 day cooling off period) as follows:
before start of teaching, within cooling off period - No Show: email notification of deferral to Ops, Ops will mark as No Show. School admissions to log deferral in Banner.
after start of teaching, within cooling off period - Permanent withdrawal: email notification of deferral, Ops will mark as WD. School admissions to log deferral in Banner.
after start of teaching, after end of cooling off period - Temporary leave: taught student leavers form with student authorisation email to studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk for temporary leave to deferral, Ops will mark as SP.
EXAMPLES OF DATES FOR DEFERRAL ROUTES

MAKING CHANGES TO LEAVE 
If a student is agreed to return earlier than previously indicated, please ensure the return meets requirements agreed for repeats of teaching, such as on the examinations SES guidance page and as agreed when establishing conditions of return for the original leave request. the School should then notify Operations on studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk as you would for standard return confirmation.
If a student wishes to extend their temporary leave,  the School can submit a new leave form for the new period of leave if within standard guidelines. Please note, both parts of leave must not total more than a year. If any of the standard guidelines are not met, the leave request should be submitted to Student Cases.
If a student decides to take permanent leave while on temporary leave, please submit a permanent leave request to studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk. The start date of leave requested on the form should reflect the date of the student’s decision to permanently leave, whilst also being within 10 working days of the request’s complete submission to studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk.
If a School wishes to reinstate a student who has chosen to permanently withdraw but then changed their mind, please seek guidance from the Student Cases team in the Secretariat.
If a School wishes to reinstate a student directly to temporary leave, the temporary leave request should generally be provided alongside the reinstatement request to the SAME TEAM that requires the reinstatement request, i.e. within first two weeks of withdrawal/registration deadline goes to Operations, after that to Student Cases. However, if the temporary leave request breaks standard guidelines (as on the temporary leavers SES guidance page), then both the reinstatement and temporary leave request should go directly to Student Cases. 
KEY FURTHER GUIDANCE PAGES
Temporary leavers – where the student is absent from their studies for more than four weeks but intends to continue their studies with the University, agreeing an expected return date.
Permanent leavers - where the student informs the school of their intention to permanently leave the University.
Presumed (permanent) leavers - the student has failed to register, return from leave, or attend. 
Student Cases SharePoint Progression guidance folder (including their temporary and exceptional leave guidance)
Taught Student leavers form (standard requests)
Conditions of return form (for use when considering leave, particularly but not only temporary leave)
If you have any questions or feedback about this page, please email studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk. 
TEMPORARY LEAVERS
This page looks at the specifics of requesting temporary leave for taught students. Please read the “when a student leaves” page for background information first.  
 
TEMPORARY LEAVERS
This page looks at the specifics of requesting temporary leave for taught students. Please read the “when a student leaves” page for background information first.  
A DEFINITION OF TEMPORARY LEAVE
Temporary absences lasting under four weeks are dealt with at School process level. For absences over four weeks, the student must discuss this with their School, the school then decide if appropriate to submit a request for temporary leave. Otherwise unexplained absences of over four weeks should be addressed using the Unsatisfactory Work, Attendance and Engagement Procedure (UWAEP) and Standard Operating Procedures for Attendance Monitoring (SOPAM), which are referenced in the presumed leavers process. 
GENERAL PROCESS FOR ALL LEAVE REQUESTS
To recap from the “When a student leaves” main page, we expect three broad stages in leave requests:
Student and School to agree the details of the request (documented conversations)
Submission of the request (clearly authorised submission to Operations or Student Cases as below) 
Supporting return to study (temporary leave only)
STUDENT AND SCHOOL CONVERSATIONS - TEMPORARY LEAVE
Schools should establish the impact of the leave request and conditions of return, and signpost to resources to fill any unknown gaps in key areas of impact. The agreement on conditions of return should be clearly documented between School and student. The key areas of impact are listed below with links to SES staff site guidance. These topics are reflected on the template conditions of return form. The below topics are covered for students specifically on the Leaving Leeds Early students page. 
Reason for leave - see also below section “reasons for leave further details”
Previous leave – this has an impact on expected completion and length of leave
Start of leave and expected return date – this has an impact on current and future term assessment and expected completion date.
Examinations and progression - consider whether mitigating circumstances might be required, see also below section “Week 8 ruling further details”
Funding (links on the Leaving Leeds Early students page as above most relevant)
Fees
Student visas – see the international students pages on the students site
School/course requirements determined by school e.g. placement requirements
Accommodation - this is not part of programme arrangements but does have a significant impact upon the student’s personal situation. The University accommodation site outlines requirements to terminate a contract.
AGREEING LEAVE TO SUBMIT – TEMPORARY LEAVE
Temporary leave has more stringent regulations than permanent leave. As the student is expected to be returning to programme, they are still subject to University requirements whilst on leave and upon return. 
STANDARD GUIDELINES AFFECTING TEMPORARY LEAVE 
LEAVE START REQUESTED: 
as current as possible, within absolute maximum 10 working days of submission of the complete request. Backdating leave beyond this is NOT allowed. Please be aware that incomplete requests for whatever reason may need to be resubmitted and so will cause delays to the time limit, so please submit as soon as possible. Degree Apprenticeships are exception to standard leave date regulations due to the nature of the contracts covering these courses, their leave start date must reflect the last instance of learning.
date is prior the end of week 8 of the current semester’s teaching. For all standard undergraduate courses, week 8 will be a set date in line with the University published academic calendar. For all other courses, this should be calculated based on the custom start of term date as shown on their Banner record. See later for an explanation of why this is applied.
AUTHORISATION: 
School staff has emailed the form (those permitted to do so as agreed within the school’s staff framework). 
Student has emailed from their University email account authorising the same leave request that is submitted. Alternative evidence may be used only where the student is absolutely unable to authorise the form, e.g. emergency hospitalised student, and for professional based courses (in particular PGC-SCITT/S PGCE Secondary SCITT or ND-PSIA/CPD where correspondence verifying student information is agreed to come from the linked external party).
EXPECTED RETURN DATE: 
from one month up to 12 months from the start of continuous temporary leave at a time (inclusive of any immediately preceding leave). 
at the standard start of term or custom start of term for non-standard/calendar programmes as specified. 
does not repeat any teaching already fully completed (unless Head of School Special Cases authorises this).
reflects return to teaching (any resits are advised to be after teaching has been resumed or after a period of external status – see later on supporting return).
COMPLETION OF PROGRAMME: 
New expected completion date (accounting for leave) would be maximum two years beyond the standard duration of the course.
REASON:
NEW REQUIREMENT FOR 202021: For ALL reasons, the leave must be “temporary leave" due to the student’s circumstances, NOT because of the teaching and assessment adjustments due to the covid-19 pandemic (the latter is classed as “exceptional leave”). Please note, student’s own circumstances can be due to the covid-19 pandemic, e.g. sufficient childcare provision is not available. As usual financial or employment reasons can only be given for permanent leave.
For “other”: if student is taking leave to change programme as of the following academic year, submission email should attach evidence that the student has been accepted onto the new programme i.e. Change of Programme form or email.
For “financial” or “employment”: appropriate only for permanent leave.
EVIDENCE:
NEW REQUIREMENT FOR 202021: For ALL temporary leave, independent evidence of the reason for leave must be received and stored safely by the School in line with GDPR requirements.
WEEK 8 RULING FURTHER EXPLANATION
After the eighth week of teaching in a semester (marking the bulk of teaching being completed), students are ordinarily expected to sit the assessments for the semester. Standard temporary leave requests therefore only cover submissions requesting leave in the first 8 weeks of a semester’s teaching. For example, a student on a standard September start programme considering temporary leave in December would not be expected to standardly start leave until the start of the next semester in January, after exams are completed. 
Between semester week 9 and the start of the next semester, please consider mitigating circumstances if examinations cannot be completed. Any form of leave request can be submitted in addition to a mitigating circumstances request. This could be a standard Operations leave request with the start of leave date to commence at the start of the next semester, using on the Taught Student Leavers Form for standard requests. If the School still wishes to make the case for a start of leave date between semester week 9 and the next semester, the School could email Student Cases a Student Cases temporary leave request or Student Cases exceptional leave request.  
Please see the standard requirements section above for information on how week 8 is calculated.
SUPPORTING RETURN FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE
Returning from temporary leave is a return to teaching. It is not advised that students return to immediately take exams. If a School and student agree a return to external status, this should be thoroughly considered and agreed with the Examinations team, no later than the deadline for external resit applications (end of Week 4), flagging the student is currently on temporary leave. Any agreement on updating the record should then be made with Operations having authorisation from examinations. Policy surrounding resits is under review and this advice may be updated in due course.
Any conditions of return should be tracked as agreed while the student is on leave. For example, if the student is required to meet with disability services, this should be checked at the agreed time. At minimum, Schools should email students (template available on request) either 1-2 months or well before module enrolment prior to the expected return date. If the leave was for health reasons, the School must be given evidence that the student is fit to return.
Once return is confirmed with the student, Schools need to then email studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk to flag the return and confirm fit to return evidence has been received if relevant. Confirmation of return should be completed by April for September returners (to allow module enrolment), or otherwise in the month prior to return. Operations can then prepare the Banner record ready for return. 
Before the student registers, check the Banner record is up to date. Contact the UG Fees or PG Fees team if there are any fee amendments to be made (see returners and reduced fees guidance), check modules are correct on the record and notify the student when they can complete registration.  If you have any questions or feedback about this page, please email studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk. 
PERMANENT LEAVERS
This page covers the specifics of requesting permanent leave for taught students. Please read the “When a student leaves” page for background information first.
 PERMANENT LEAVERS
This page covers the specifics of requesting permanent leave for taught students. Please read the “When a student leaves” page for background information first.
A DEFINITION OF PERMANENT LEAVE
If a student wishes to permanently leave their programme (and usually also the University), the student must discuss this with their school, the school then decide if appropriate to submit a request for permanent leave. This could follow on from temporary leave or be submitted simply as permanent leave. 
GENERAL PROCESS FOR ALL LEAVE REQUESTS
To recap from the “When a student leaves” main page, we expect three broad stages in leave requests:
Student and school to agree the details of the request (documented conversations)
Submission of the request (clearly authorised submission to Operations or Student Cases as below) 
Supporting return to study (temporary leave only)
STUDENT AND SCHOOL CONVERSATIONS - PERMANENT LEAVE
Schools should establish the impact of the leave request, and signpost to resources to fill any unknown gaps in key areas of impact. The agreement of leave should be clearly documented between school and student. The key areas of impact are listed below with links to SES staff site guidance. The below topics are covered for students specifically on the Leaving Leeds Early students page. 
Reason for leave - see also below section “reasons for leave further details”
Examinations and progression - consider whether mitigating circumstances might be required, see also below section “Week 8 ruling further details”
Funding (links on the Leaving Leeds Early students page above most relevant)
Fees
Student visas – please see international students pages on the students site
School/course requirements determined by school e.g. placement requirements
Accommodation - this is not part of programme arrangements but does have a significant impact upon the student’s personal situation. The University accommodation site outlines requirements to terminate a contract.
AGREEING LEAVE TO SUBMIT – PERMANENT LEAVE
Permanent leave will generally be approved by Operations, so long as the request is made in a complete and timely manner. Only points regarding “leave start requested” and “authorisation” below impact upon permanent leavers. 
New students permanently leaving within 14 days of the start of term, or course start date if non-standard, are permitted by contract to notify the University by email or cancellation form of their withdrawal. If the school receives an email formally confirming a withdrawal within this timeframe, they should forward the withdrawal authorisation email to studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk for implementation. If the withdrawal request comes as a completed standard leave form, the form should be processed in the usual manner. Only one submission of withdrawal is required, however this must reach Operations via studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk or registration@leeds.ac.uk, with complete clear information and within requirements of the route used. The 10 working day processing limit, as described on the “when a student leaves” page, will apply.
STANDARD GUIDELINES AFFECTING PERMANENT LEAVE 
LEAVE START REQUESTED: 
as current as possible, within absolute maximum 10 working days of submission of the complete request. Backdating leave beyond this is not allowed. Please be aware that incomplete requests for whatever reason may need to be resubmitted and so will cause delays to the time limit, so please submit as soon as possible. Degree Apprenticeships are an exception to standard leave date regulations. Due to the nature of the contracts covering Degree Apprenticeships, their leave start date must reflect the last instance of learning.
AUTHORISATION: 
School staff has emailed the form (those permitted to do so as agreed within the school’s staff framework). 
Student has emailed from their University email account authorising the same leave request that is submitted. Alternative evidence may be used only where the student is absolutely unable to authorise the form, e.g. emergency hospitalised student, and for professional based courses (in particular PGC-SCITT/S PGCE Secondary SCITT or ND-PSIA/CPD where correspondence verifying student information is agreed to come from the linked external party).
Please see other pages for further resources.  If you have any questions or feedback about this page, please email studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk. 
PRESUMED LEAVERS
Processes have changed several times in the 2019/20 and 2020/21 years for students presumed to have left the University. The below details how a student's failure to attend, register, or return from temporary leave is handled.
 PRESUMED LEAVERS
Processes have changed several times in the 2019/20 and 2020/21 years for students presumed to have left the University. The below details how a student's failure to attend, register, or return from temporary leave is handled.
PRESUMED WITHDRAWN (ATTENDANCE)
As of October 2020, if a student fails to attend and the school suspects that they may have withdrawn, the School must refer to their Faculty/School Standard Operating Procedure on Attendance Monitoring (SOPAM), which addresses the presumed withdrawn processes, and also references contact attempts that are discussed in the Unsatisfactory Work, Attendance and Progress Procedure (UWAEP).  Please contact your Faculty Programme Support Manager if you require access to your Faculty/School SOPAM.
In summary, Schools must ensure they record specific attempts to contact the student on multiple occasions, as defined by the SOPAM. Appendix C of the SOPAM should be used to document the relevant contact attempts and attendance issues, and submitted to Operations as a request to instigate the presumed withdrawn process. Please click this email studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk to access a template email of Appendix C (from version 1.10 of the file, which was the latest version on 14/01/21). The UWAEP has letter templates to use for contacting the student.
FAILURE TO REGISTER
A student may be presumed to have withdrawn if they have not completed full registration for their current academic year by the specified monthly registration deadline. Generally, full registration comprises of both online registration steps and an ID check (see registration guidance for more information). Programmes and Assessment (Operations) may then withdraw the student. If it becomes clear the student is actually in attendance, the school can complete a registration reinstatement form within two weeks of the update and on approval, the record may be reactivated. Further cases may need to go to Student Cases in the Secretariat.
FAILURE TO RETURN FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE 
Where a student has failed to return from temporary leave by their expected return date, students are withdrawn in line with the monthly registration deadlines as above, following the month for registration as the month of return.
If you have any questions or feedback about this page, please email studentrecords@adm.leeds.ac.uk. 
FEES FOR LEAVERS
If a student leaves part way through an academic year their fees may be reduced, adjustments are calculated based on the student's leave date in Banner. This adjustment is manual and is done after the receipt of the leavers workflow (UG, TP) or copy of the leavers form (RP).
FEES FOR LEAVERS
If a student leaves part way through an academic year their fees may be reduced, adjustments are calculated based on the student's leave date in Banner. This adjustment is manual and is done after the receipt of the leavers workflow (UG, TP) or copy of the leavers form (RP).
Student information can be found on our student page: tuition fee liability. This includes information about their statutory right to cancel their contract with the University of Leeds within 14 days of start of term or course start date.
School/Faculty staff are not expected to answer fee queries from leavers. However, students should be signposted to Student Fees as part of the process.
If a student intending to leave has an urgent query about their tuition fee liability we are happy to answer this by telephone 0113 343 6700 or email fees@leeds.ac.uk
Students who wish to speak to a member of the Fees team face to face can be directed to visit Student Fees at the Student Services Counter in the Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building. 
The same calculations process for Undergraduate and Taught Postgraduate students is followed for students who are leavers, temporary leavers and presumed withdrawn. For UG or PG temporary leavers who are going to return in semester 2 you will need to refer to our SES page on Returners and reduced fees. 
Tuition fees for Research postgraduates taking a suspension are not automatically recalculated. If you have a query regarding fee adjustments and suspensions please contact Student Fees 0113 343 6700 or email fees@leeds.ac.uk .
Once fees have been adjusted Student Fees will send a letter to the student at their permanent home address.
Queries or complaints that Student Fees receive disputing the leaving date on this letter will be referred to the parent school.
LEAVER'S FORM
Research leavers should be directed to the following guidance pages for leaving their research.
If a taught (UG or TP) student is unable to immediately complete a leavers form please check that this delay will not dramatically impact their fees charged. If a student confirms their intention to leave in writing (eg via email) the date of the email can be honoured if a leavers form is completed and processed within two weeks.
For more information about the taught leavers process please refer to the Student Leavers pages for staff.
Taught student leavers forms must be completed and processed within two weeks of the leave date. If they are not processed in the appropriate timeframe the leave date on the form may not be used and the student may be charged additional fees.
If late processing is due to delays within the parent school (eg incomplete or misplaced form) we may ask for the parent school to pay the additional amount charged so the student is not financially disadvantaged.
UK/EU/CI UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS 

Charged per term in line with tuition fee loan liability dates and amounts (ie 25% if students leave in term one, 50% if students leave in term two, 100% if students leave in term three) and set by Student Finance (SLC). UK/EU/CI self funded students are charged using the same calculation.
Students must be registered for one day of the term to become liable for fee payment. If students leave on day two of term they must pay the % fee charge above.
OVERSEAS UNDERGRADUATES
International students who leave early will be charged monthly based on their start date. This is based on nine months study from the start date of their course. 
For example, if the student left on the first day of the third month, they would incur charge of three ninths of the full fee.
TAUGHT AND RESEARCH POSTGRADUATES (UK/EU/CI AND OVERSEAS)
All taught and research postgraduates who leave early will be charged monthly based on their start date. This is based on 12 months study from the start date of their course. 
For example, if the student left on the first day of the third month, they would incur charge of three twelfths of the full fee.
When a research student goes on suspension their fees are not automatically recalculated. Overtime (writing up) fees are not reduced if a student takes suspension, completes or leaves during the year.
ACCOMMODATION 
Students living in University accommodation will need to give 8 weeks' notice and submit a leaver's form, signed by the parent school, in order to be released from their accommodation contract.
More information about students who wish to leave their accommodation can be found on the Accommodation Services website
RESEARCH DEGREES
Find information relating specifically to the management of research degrees, including finance, assessment and programme approval processes along with related policies.
 RESEARCH DEGREES
Find information relating specifically to the management of research degrees, including finance, assessment and programme approval processes along with related policies.
All information in this section is also included in the relevant functional area. Admissions and student support information is available in those main sections as it applies to all cohorts of students. Much of the content relating to student opportunity also applies to all students.

STUDENT FINANCE
Learn about student funding, fees and charges, and where students experiencing financial difficulties can get support. Includes Research Council and scholarships information.
Find out about student funding, fees and charges, scholarships and bursaries and where students experiencing financial difficulties can get support.
There are several different funds available for students who need extra financial support and it's important to know the options available and where to send students for more information.
FUNDING AND AWARDS
Payments made to students include tuition fee awards, maintenance payments, scholarships and University prizes.
FUNDING AND AWARDS
Payments made to students include tuition fee awards, maintenance payments, scholarships and University prizes.
Find out about the processes involved and actions for schools to take. Access resources and forms.

POSTGRADUATE SCHOLARSHIPS DATABASE
Link to the postgraduate scholarships database which provides details of the scholarships available to taught and research postgraduates.

FUNDING FOR DISABLED STUDENTS
The main source of funding for disabled students from the UK is the Disabled Students' Allowance.  
FUNDING FOR DISABLED STUDENTS
The main source of funding for disabled students from the UK is the Disabled Students' Allowance.  
DISABLED STUDENTS' ALLOWANCES (DSA)
DSA is funding provided to disabled students to assist with disability-related costs resulting from their programme of study and allowing them to participate fully. It is not means tested and does not need to be repaid. Students receiving equipment through their DSA are allowed to keep that equipment when their programme has ended.
Most UK students are eligible to apply. Prospective students will have their specific needs assessed and will receive a needs assessment report.
For most students, DSA is provided by the government through Student Finance England. Students on healthcare courses will need to apply through the NHS.
Postgraduate research students who are funded by one of the Research Councils can apply for DSA. Further information is available on the Research Councils UK (RCUK) website.
APPLYING FOR DSA
The way in which students apply for and are assessed for funding differs between funding sources, as does the process for invoicing and reclaiming the cost of support.
The funding application process can take three months so applicants should be encouraged to apply as soon as possible. They do not have to have a confirmed place on a programme at the University. 
DSA PROVIDED BY STUDENT FINANCE ENGLAND
Applicants for funding should follow the up to date guidance provided on the British Government website. 
DSA PROVIDED BY THE NHS 
Applicants to healthcare programmes should apply for DSA as part of their student bursary application. Up to date guidance and an online application system are provided on the NHS Business Services Authority website. 

DSA PROVIDED BY RESEARCH COUNCILS UK (RCUK)
Students funded by a Research Council should discuss their disability-related funding with a Disability Coordinator. Claims are submitted ona a proforma via graduate schools to the Postgraduate Scholarships Office, who are responsible for submitting applications to research councils. The deadline for submission is mid-October each year. Further information is available on the Research Councils UK (RCUK) website.
WHAT LEVEL OF FUNDING IS AVAILABLE THROUGH DSA?
Funding will vary according to the results of each applicant's assessment of need, up to maximum levels which are available on the government website. These are reviewed regularly.
For undergraduate students funding is divided into allowances for specialist equipment, non-medical helpers and a general allowance.
For postgraduate students who have recently had equipment funded through DSA for an undergraduate programme, this may be deemed sufficient for further study.
OTHER SOURCES OF FUNDING
Disability Services will work with students to find further sources of funding for students who either are not eligible for any of the DSA schemes or whose DSA funding does not cover the support that they need.
Encourage students to contact DSAS as soon as possible. 
Students who exceed their DSA will still receive support during their studies at Leeds.
TUITION FEE SCHOLARSHIPS AND AWARDS
University departments may make tuition fee awards to students, for example the alumni bursary or as part of a postgraduate research scholarship. To do this, departments should use a FA1 form. Guidance on how to complete a form is below.
TUITION FEE SCHOLARSHIPS AND AWARDS
University departments may make tuition fee awards to students, for example the alumni bursary or as part of a postgraduate research scholarship. To do this, departments should use a FA1 form. Guidance on how to complete a form is below.
Please be aware that we will begin rejecting awards submitted on the old-style Form 21s as of Monday 3rd February 2020. The old inbox, Form21@leeds.ac.uk, used to submit the old-style forms will also cease to be monitored at that point. All awards will need to be submitted on FA1 forms to the FA1@leeds.ac.uk inbox from that point onwards. 
FORMS
FA1 Form – can be used to authorise and notify Student Fees of fee scholarships
Fee Amendment Form – used to notify Student Fees of an amendment to an existing student fee award
Fee Reversal form – used to notify Student Fees of the need to completely reverse a fee scholarship 
Guidance documentation
Guidance document – this is a detailed overview of how to complete the forms, where to send them, and how to request an amendment to an award.
PROCESS OVERVIEW: NOTIFYING STUDENT FEES 
Individual in the School or Service completes a FA1 form
An Authorised Signatory emails the form directly to FA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
If all necessary information has been provided and sent by an Authorised Signatory, Student Fees will enter the award on the Banner system.  
Student Fees can only accept the approved version of the FA1, Payment Amendment, and Reversal forms due to specific formatting requirements (available above). Any old versions of the form cannot be processed and therefore payments will not be made. Any forms submitted by an unauthorised Signatory cannot be processed. 
FORMS, WHAT TO USE AND HOW (THE DOS AND DON'TS) 
Please note that the FA1 form uses macros to facilitate some of the built in functionality and it is important that once you have finished using the FA1 form you completely close down Excel before continuing on with other work. If you do not completely close Excel there can be issues with certain action (such as copy and pasting) that occur as a result of the Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) programme continuing to run in the background.
We have aimed to keep complexity to a minimum however, if you have any issues inputting information on a form, please contact Student Fees and we will be happy to provide you with extra information or training.
Please check carefully that the SID and Surname has been entered correctly before sending. Note, the first name is not required for GDPR compliance.
Is the student eligible for a scholarship? The Fees team do not audit eligibility. For example, if the scholarship is only valid for alumni or self-funding students you must check this before completing the form.
Has the student been informed? Student fees do not contact students to say an award has been added to the system, you must notify the student to ensure they know about any scholarships.
Please send the completed form directly to FA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
Please do:
Check that the Cost Object Number quoted is in a valid format
Check that the Student ID number(s) quoted match the student listed
Only use one cost object/account number per FA1 form. This will greatly help the student fees team when inputting and reduce input errors.
Use a separate form for different academic years or different amounts. This will lessen inputting errors and speed up processing.
Preserve the formatting of the form, especially when pasting in data. The font size must be legible in order for Student Fees to be able to process the payment request.
Complete the relevant Payment Amendment Form for an amendment to an award that does not result in the student receiving increased money or a total reversal of the award.
Complete a Reversal Form where you require the total award to be completely reversed and not just amended.
Make sure that the correct academic year is used. If a form is input to the wrong year, the student may not be able to complete registration. 
Select the correct GL code for the award:
- 56041 for Alumni Bursary only - 56042 for Fee waivers (for example, a reduction for mitigating circumstances) - 56040 for all other awards
Select the correct Major Source of Funding code. This is always a two digit code. This is so that we can report scholarship information to HESA, it is essential for processing the form. A list of all the Major Source of Funding codes is provided here.
In order to increase an existing award to a student, please send another form for the extra amount only – not for the new overall award total. The amendment form should be sent from an authorised signatory to FA1@leeds.ac.uk
Check that your Authorised Signatory List is up-to-date.
Check that there is enough budget in the account/cost object to cover the award payment.
Please do:
Not send replacement/duplicate forms, or forms which supersede previously submitted forms. In the event of a duplicate form being sent, Student fees accept no responsibility for duplicate forms being processed.
Not use the FA1 form to pay for work performed by the recipient for or on behalf of the University of Leeds. If you wish to make a payment directly to the student as an award or maintenance, use the MA1 form. These are processed by the Funding team.
Not add extra students to a form that has already been submitted. Please create a new form
Not alter the form from a landscape set up to portrait as this will affect the ability to input data.
Not leave mandatory fields blank.
Not scan the forms and send them as pdf attachments.
Not send reformat or change any part of the FA1 form.
Not re-send forms to FA1@leeds.ac.uk in order to query them. Any forms sent to this e-mail address are liable to be paid, so re-sending forms could result in a duplicate payment being made. Any queries should be sent to FA1queries@leeds.ac.uk
CHANGES TO AWARDS/QUERYING AWARDS
If a payment needs to be altered, please email a completed Payment Amendment Form to FA1@leeds.ac.uk
If you have any queries regarding the processing of a payment, please contact Student Fees directly for further information.
WHEN TO SEND AN FA1 FORM 
Student Fees receive in excess of 5,000 forms each year, mainly during our peak registration period in September. With this in mind, it would be very helpful if FA1’s are sent in advance to ensure processing before registration (but after the general student record has been created in Banner).
Regardless of when the FA1 is processed your account will not be debited until the student completes online registration.
The award must not constitute a refund of an overpayment of accommodation or tuition fee payments made by the student to the University. The student should contact the Fees office directly to discuss the overpayment.
PROCESSING TURNAROUND
Forms that are correctly completed and authorised will be processed within three working days of receipt. Please note that this may extend to five working days during busy periods.
If forms are completed incorrectly or budgets are exceeded, processing will be delayed and will be three working days from when the issue is resolved. This may require a new FA1 form being submitted with new authorisation.
RETENTION OF FA1 FORMS
Copies of all FA1 forms should be retained by Schools/Faculties for the statutory retention period. FA1 forms will be retained by Student Fees for two years.
CONTACT
For enquiries and extra help or advice, please contact Student Fees using the information below:
Student Fees
Student Services Centre
Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building
University of Leeds
Leeds
LS2 9JT
FA1queries@leeds.ac.uk
0113 343 6700
Please send completed forms to FA1@leeds.ac.uk. Please note that this is an automated email address, no message in the body of the email will be picked up. 
MAINTENANCE AWARDS
The Student Funding team, within the Student Education Service, processes student award payments on behalf of their School (for example, as part of a postgraduate maintenance award) or on behalf of a University Service.

MAINTENANCE AWARDS
The Student Funding team, within the Student Education Service, processes student award payments on behalf of their School (for example, as part of a postgraduate maintenance award) or on behalf of a University Service.
All awards will need to be submitted on MA1 forms to the MA1@leeds.ac.uk inbox from that point onwards. 
Please note that the Doctoral College administer centrally funded (University) scholarships and awards separately.
FORMS 
MA1 Form– used to authorise either one-off lump sum or regular monthly maintenance payments. Up to 20 student payments can be included on each form.
Maintenance Payment Amendment Form – used to notify the Student Funding team of an amendment to an existing  student maintenance award
GUIDANCE DOCUMENTATION
 
Guidance document – this is a detailed overview of how to complete the forms, where to send them, and how to request an amendment to an award. 
PROCESS OVERVIEW: NOTIFYING FUNDING
 
Individual in the School or Service completes an MA1 form
An Authorised Signatory emails the form directly to MA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
If all necessary information has been provided and sent by an Authorised Signatory, Student Funding will enter the award on the Banner payment system. This will go into the weekly payment cycle matching the requested processing date (or the next available payment cycle if the date has already passed) 
 
Student Funding can only accept the approved version of the MA1 and Payment Amendment forms due to specific formatting requirements (available above). Any old versions of the form cannot be processed and therefore payments will not be made. Any Forms submitted by an unauthorised Signatory cannot be processed.
FORMS: WHAT TO USE AND HOW (THE DOS AND DON'TS)
Please note that the MA1 form uses macros to facilitate some of the built in functionality and it is important that once you have finished using the MA1 form you completely close down Excel before continuing on with other work. If you do not completely close Excel there can be issues with certain action (such as copy and pasting) that occur as a result of the Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) programme continuing to run in the background.
We have aimed to keep complexity to a minimum however, if you have any issues inputting information on a form, please contact Student Funding and we will be happy to provide you with extra information or training.
Please check carefully that the SID and Surname has been entered correctly before sending.   Note, the first name is not required for GDPR compliance.
Please send the completed form directly to MA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
Please do:
Check that the Cost Object Number quoted is in a valid format
Check that the Student ID number(s) quoted match the student listed
Use a separate form to lessen data input error opportunities where there is an obvious exception to the group of students being paid (e.g. different academic year or different amount) 
Preserve the formatting of the form, especially when pasting in data. The font size must be legible in order for Student Funding to be able to process the payment request.
Remember to indicate in the Override Registration Requirement section on the MA1 form if a payment is required to be processed to a student who does not have a RE/RO registration status (see the Payment Requirements section). This will default to NO as standard.
 
For an amendment to an award that does not result in the student receiving increased money, complete the relevant pro forma Payment Amendment Form. This includes: 
- cancelling an award  - suspending an award pending further instructions - changing the cost object number - reducing the amount of an award - or changing the payment schedu•	
In order to increase an existing award to a student, please send another form for the extra amount only – not for the new overall award total. The amendment form should be sent from an authorised signatory to MA1@leeds.ac.uk.
Check that your Authorised Signatory List is up-to-date.
For single lump sum awards choose a payment date which is a Tuesday.
For multiple instalment awards choose a start date which is the first day of the month and an end date which is the last day of the month.
Please do:
Not send replacement forms, or forms which supersede previously submitted forms.
Not send a form which span across the start/end date of the payee student’s personal academic year.
Not alter the form from a landscape set up to portrait as this will affect the ability to input data.
Not leave mandatory fields blank.
Not scan the forms and send them as pdf attachments.
Not send reformat or change any part of the MA1 form.
Not re-send forms to MA1@leeds.ac.uk in order to query them. Any forms sent to this e-mail address are liable to be paid, so re-sending forms could result in a duplicate payment being made. Any queries should be sent to funding@leeds.ac.uk
MA1 forms should be used to pay any study-related payment to a registered student at the University including:
Bursaries and Scholarships
Prizes
Reimbursement of study-related expenses
MA1 forms cannot be used for the following:
To reimburse non-study related expenses
The award must not contain any element of payment for work performed by the recipient for or on behalf of the University of Leeds. Awards may only be paid to registered students of the University of Leeds. Payments for work done should be processed by Payroll.
The award must not constitute a refund of an overpayment of accommodation or tuition fee payments made by the student to the University. The student should contact the Fees office directly to discuss the overpayment.
CHANGES TO AWARDS/QUERYING AWARDS
If a payment needs to be altered, please email a completed Pro Forma Payment Amendment Form to MA1@leeds.ac.uk
If you have any queries regarding the processing of a payment, please contact Funding directly for further information.
PAYMENT PROCESSING TIMES
Student payments are processed by BACS (Bankers Automated Clearing System). The payment process is run weekly every Monday/Tuesday by the Student Funding team. and any due payment will clear in the student’s designated bank accounts the following Friday. Forms must reach Funding at MA1@leeds.ac.uk by 4pm on a Thursday to ensure inclusion in the following week’s payment run (unless a payment date further in the future is requested).
Monthly payments are scheduled to be paid in advance, and are due on the 1st of each month. Because internal BACS processing restrictions mean payments can only clear on a Friday. Therefore to avoid disadvantaging students, where the 1st of the month does not fall on a Friday, payments are scheduled to clear the preceding Friday. Christmas, Easter and Bank Holidays may also impact on the exact payment date. 
For budgeting purposes students should always be informed that payments are due on the 1st of each month, and should not be advised of any other dates.
PAYMENT REQUIREMENTS
Student bank account details:
Students receiving an award need to supply their bank account details via the secure University Portal.
Registration status of the student:
Usually the University of Leeds will only process payments to registered students (Banner codes: RE or RO). An award will not be paid via the standard process whenever a student:
hasn't registered (Banner codes: EL, EN, ER, NR, NS)
has withdrawn (Banner codes: WD WA NA)
is under examination (Banner codes: UE) (see note below).
has suspended (Banner codes: CS, SF, SP)
is external (Banner codes EF, EP)
Please be aware that you will need to ensure that you identify on the MA1 form if you wish to pay a student an award where their status is anything other than RE/RO. There is a specific field on the MA1 form for this purpose. If a student’s status changes after you have notified the funding team of an award then payments will be made in these situations if the individual case is agreed via email with a member of Funding, with an authorised signatory copied in.
Where the student is not RE/RO and no extra arrangement is made, overdue instalments remain pending on their file. If the student does later become RE/RO for the academic year of their award, overdue instalments will be processed to reach the bank account as a single sum in the following payment cycle.
Payments over multiple academic years:
To request an award outside the student’s academic year, typically two MA1 forms need to be raised. The first to pay x number of instalments, taking the award to the start of the student’s academic year. The second to pay the balance of the award over the remaining months.
Retention of MA1 Forms
Copies of all MA1 forms should be retained by Schools/Faculties for the statutory retention period. For Research Council funded students a copy of all MA1 forms should be retained by Schools/Faculties for up to 12 months after the grant has closed. MA1 forms will be retained by Funding for two years.
ARGOS REPORT FOR STAFF
An Argos report has been developed for staff, enabling them to determine i) which students have awards set up against a particular cost object number, ii) whether the awards have been paid, and iii) if the awards have not yet been paid, what cause of non-payment is likely to be. Staff can find instructions for using the Argos report here.
CONTACT

For enquiries and extra help or advice please contact Student Funding using the information below:
Student Funding Student Services Centre Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building University of Leeds Leeds LS2 9JT
funding@leeds.ac.uk
0113 3432007
Please send completed forms to MA1@leeds.ac.uk. Please note that this is an automated email address, no message in the body of the email will be picked up. Please use the ‘Departmental Notes’ section of the Form 10/22 if extra information is required to process the payment, or contact Funding directly on the above email address.
 
UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH AND LEADERSHIP SCHOLARSHIPS
These scholarships provide funding from alumni to enable undergraduate students to develop their research and leadership capability by taking part in established academic research projects.
 UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH AND LEADERSHIP SCHOLARSHIPS
These scholarships provide funding from alumni to enable undergraduate students to develop their research and leadership capability by taking part in established academic research projects.
The Undergraduate Research and Leadership Scholarships allow students to prepare for future research and leadership roles in further study or employment. 
Scholars receive funding to enable them to undertake two 6-week periods of project work during the summer vacations at the end of their first and second year, and this is supplemented by tailored research, leadership and teamwork training on and off campus. Scholars also benefit from the personal development opportunities provided by a range of (paid) ambassadorial activities in support of the Scholarship scheme and of student education and research activities in their Faculty /School.
Further information is available from Rebecca Shaw in the Student Opportunity and Enhancement team and guidelines will soon be available to download from this page.
LEEDS BURSARY
The Leeds Bursary is only available to undergraduates who started their course between 1 August 2006 and 1 August 2012. There's no need for students to apply - if they qualify the University will email them at their University email account. 
LEEDS BURSARY
The Leeds Bursary is only available to undergraduates who started their course between 1 August 2006 and 1 August 2012. There's no need for students to apply - if they qualify the University will email them at their University email account. 
Most full-time and part-time undergraduate students who started their course before 1 August 2012 are eligible for the Bursary.
The Leeds Bursary section on the student site has further information for students, including who's it for, how much they will get and information about common problems.  
UNIVERSITY PRIZES
The University awards student prizes at twice-yearly graduation ceremonies, in summer and in December. This page explains how prizes are given and processed.
 UNIVERSITY PRIZES
The University awards student prizes at twice-yearly graduation ceremonies, in summer and in December. This page explains how prizes are given and processed.
NOMINATING A PRIZE WINNER
Twice a year, the Programmes and Assessment (Events) team sends the named prize contact in each academic school:
a memorandum, listing the official University prizes which that school can award
a prize form (the "Notification of Prize Winners and Authority for Payment Form").
These documents are sent ahead of graduation and give a deadline for their return, to allow time for printed graduation ceremony programmes to include details of finalist prize awardees.
To check or change the named prize contact, or to request the prize form at other times of the year, contact the Events team.
OFFICIAL UNIVERSITY PRIZES LIST 
The list of official University prizes is maintained by the Events team and any requests for a prize to be added to this list must be submitted to them. Under no circumstances may a school amend the prize form to include additional prizes, which have not yet been approved.
NOMINATION COMPLETION DETAILS 
The prize memorandum includes gives these instructions to prize contacts:
IF THE PRIZE IS AWARDED

Enter:
Student ID number.
Student name.
Account number/cost object if there is a cash prize, so we can pay the student. Note: If you leave this blank, the prize will not be paid because we will assume the value is not monetary.
Write "N/A" in the cost object if the prize is not cash.
Indicate in the box if the student is a finalist, so we know whether to include their name in the degree ceremony programme. Only finalists are included in the programme. 
SIGNATURES 

The form must be signed  by:
the prize contact who filled out the form
an authorised signatory 
PROCESSING PRIZE AWARDS
Once the properly-authorised prize form has been received, the Events team will officially record the prize and include each of the awardees on their graduation ceremony programme, if applicable.
The prize form will then be forwarded to the Student Finance team so that any monetary value prizes can be processed. If a cost object number has not been provided, no prize will be paid.
Once the Student Finance team has included any monetary prizes on the University’s payment system, they will email (via their University email account) any awarded students who have not yet provided their bank details and ask them to do so. They must do this via the University’s secure Student Portal. There are instructions to help students on inputting your bank details into the Portal on the SES student website.
Prizes can only be paid to UK bank accounts. Recipients of monetary prizes should receive their award on the second Tuesday after the prizes have been input on the University’s payment system by the Student Finance team and the student has provided bank details.
ALUMNI BURSARY
Former University of Leeds students may be eligible for a university-wide 10% alumni tuition fee bursary.
ALUMNI BURSARY
Former University of Leeds students may be eligible for a university-wide 10% alumni tuition fee bursary.
The alumni bursary is aimed at self-funding former students studying for a postgraduate master's or research degree. It is open to all former undergraduate and postgraduate students regardless of when they graduated. The bursary forms a key element of the overall marketing programme designed to maximise progression opportunities within the University and encourage former students to return to Leeds to study at a higher level.
For full details, download the Alumni bursary guide and FAQ.
Frequently asked questions and eligibility criteria for applicants are also available on the corporate website.
AUTHORISED SIGNATORIES
Information regarding who is authorised to request payments are made to students using an MA1 Form, and who is authorised to request scholarships for tuition fees using an FA1 Form, or a reduction in fees charged using a Form R. 
AUTHORISED SIGNATORIES
Information regarding who is authorised to request payments are made to students using an MA1 Form, and who is authorised to request scholarships for tuition fees using an FA1 Form, or a reduction in fees charged using a Form R. 
WHO IS AN AUTHORISED SIGNATORY IN YOUR SCHOOL OR SERVICE?
The Authorised Signatory list can be found here. 
FORMS: 
MA1 Form – used to authorise one-off lump sum payments, or regular monthly maintenance payments, for one or multiple students (Funding). 
MA1 Payment Amendment Form – used to notify the Funding Team of a change to an existing award (Funding)
FA1 Form – used to authorise scholarships for tuition fees including reductions for mitigating circumstances (Fees) 
FA1 Amendment Form - used to notify the Fees Team of a change in value of an existing fee scholarship (Fees) 
FA1 Reversal Form - used to notify the Fees Team of a fees scholarship that needs to be completely removed from a student record (Fees)
Form Z – used to authorise cancelled fees due to block funding (Fees) 
Form R - used to authorise pro-rata reduction of fees (Fees)
HOW TO ADD AN AUTHORISED SIGNATORY
The Faculty Finance Manager or Head of Service will have to send an email to Funding with the name of the member of staff they wish to be added to the list. They will also need to confirm which Form (MA1, FA1, and/or Z), the member of staff will be authorised to sign. 
This will then be updated by Funding and a confirmation sent back to the Faculty Finance Manager/Head of Service.
HOW TO REMOVE AN AUTHORISED SIGNATORY
The Faculty Finance Manager or Head of Service will have to send an email to Funding with the name of the member of staff they wish to be removed from the list. 
This will then be updated by Funding and a confirmation sent back to the Faculty Finance Manager /Head of Service.
ANNUAL UPDATE OF AUTHORISED SIGNATORY LIST
Funding will organise an annual update of the Authorised Signatory list in June of each year.
Faculty Finance Managers/Heads of Service will be contacted to confirm the list is correct for each department. 
FEES AND CHARGES
Charging and collection of tuition fees is managed by the Student Fees team. Find out about scholarships, manually reduced fees, how to help students registering and sponsored students.

Charging and collection of tuition fees is managed by the Student Fees team. Find out about scholarships, manually reduced fees, how to help students registering and sponsored students.
SES staff are able to complete the Introduction to Student Fees training online. These pages have recently been reviewed, if you have any suggestions or comments please email Erica Johnson: S.E.Fabron@adm.leeds.ac.uk
REGISTRATION AND TUITION PAYMENT
All students must complete online registration. Step 6 of online registration displays the different payment options available, you can find some help with common queries using information on this page.
REGISTRATION AND TUITION PAYMENT
All students must complete online registration. Step 6 of online registration displays the different payment options available, you can find some help with common queries using information on this page.
This information is specifically to help you support students to make fee payment arrangements and register with the University. For general information about online registration, please refer to the Programmes and Assessment registration page.
If you are seeking information about miscellaneous research fees for visiting research students, please read the advice document on the Visitors - Research Students page for staff.
BEFORE REGISTRATION
Students should know how they are going to pay their tuition fees before they register for their programme.
SPONSORED STUDENTS 
If a student has a sponsor they should email a sponsor letter to the Fees office for processing before they can complete registration. Guidance for staff regarding sponsored students is available on our SES sponsored students page.
SCHOLARSHIPS 
If you are providing a student with a scholarship please refer to the guidance for completing Form 21s on our tuition fee scholarships and awards page. Early notification of their award will enable the student to budget correctly and may aid international students applying for their visa.
STUDENT FINANCE LOANS 
Home rated/EU undergraduate or taught postgraduate students intending to take a student loan should apply for their support from Student Finance in advance of the start of term. Guidance for students regarding student loans is available from the Funding team.
INTERNATIONAL TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE DEPOSITS 
International students should ensure they have funding available and may be required to pay a tuition deposit (if they are taught postgraduate or studying a content based pre-sessional programme). Information for students about deposits can be found on the corporate pages regarding masters fees and costs. Student Fees do not handle the deposit process, queries regarding taught postgraduate deposits should be sent to admissions. 
RETURNERS FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE OR SUSPENSION
If you are aware of an undergraduate or taught postgraduate student returning from temporary leave you should refer to our page for staff called Returners and reduced fees.
Research postgraduate students returning from suspension will be charged the full fee for the academic year when they register, even if they are only registering for the remaining months. The suspended months will then be added for free at the end of their study. If a student requires a pro-rata calculation during their standard period of study they must contact Student fees by email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk  or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk call 0113 343 6700. If you require more information for RP returners please visit the suspensions and extensions of study page.
ONLINE REGISTRATION
On step 6 of online registration a student can check their account balance, make payments, complete an instalment plan and view sponsor details.
If you have a specific case you wish to discuss, or if a student thinks their registration will be delayed past the registration deadline please Student fees by email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk  or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk call 0113 343 6700.
OVERSEAS STUDENTS
Self-funded students must make full payment or pay 50% and set up an instalment plan arranging payment of the remaining balance. Overseas students are no longer required to set up a UK bank account as part of this process. Students can still provide UK bank account details when they have them, otherwise they must make manual payment for their second instalment by the due date.
HOME/EU STUDENTS
Undergraduates need to have a Student Support Number (SSN) showing (proving they have applied for a loan at some point) to register. If they do not have this they will be asked to make full payment, to complete an instalment plan or have a provide a sponsor letter.
Taught Postgraduates students who are self-funded must make an initial payment of 50% of their fee and to set up an instalment plan arranging second payment in February by Direct Debit from a UK bank account or a confirmed sponsor letter. Students with a PG student loan (PGL) can pay in three instalments, payable in line with their loan payment dates, no up-front payment required. PGL students will be withdrawn if their first payment defaults and is not brought up to date.
Research Postgraduates students who are self-funded must make an initial payment of 50% of their fee and to set up an instalment plan arranging second payment 5 months after their start date by Direct Debit from a UK bank account or a confirmed sponsor letter. Overtime (writing up) fees must be paid in full and cannot be split into instalments.
LATE PAYMENT CHARGES
Students with an overdue debt to the University may be charged late-payment administration charges on a monthly basis.
 
LATE PAYMENT CHARGES
Students with an overdue debt to the University may be charged late-payment administration charges on a monthly basis.
It is very important that students clear any overdue debt. Information for students about late payment fees is available on the student facing SES pages
The late payment administration charges are applied monthly while the debt is outstanding. The student will be notified of charges applied to their account through their University email address. Late-payment administration charges are applied to both internal and external students.
Tuition debt may stop students from registering for a new academic session or from graduating. Unpaid accommodation or other (including exam) debt may result in legal proceedings.
If you speak to a student who tells you they owe money to the University please encourage them to contact Student fees by email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk  or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk or call 0113 343 6700 urgently.
TUITION AND EXAM DEBTORS
Students with overdue tuition or exam fees are emailed a reminder in the first month that their debt is overdue. In each subsequent month they will incur a late payment administration charge of £20.
Late payment administration charges for tuition and exam fees are applied on the 20th of each month. This date is reviewed each year, updates will be published on this page.
ACCOMMODATION DEBTORS
Accommodation debtors will incur a late payment administration charge of £20 within the first month that their debt is overdue.
Students in University of Leeds Accommodation sign a contract which states the amount to be paid and receive a termly bill confirming their balance. Therefore it is understood that they are aware of their balance and do not require a reminder.
Late payment administration charges for accommodation were applied on the 1st of each month. This date is reviewed each year, updates will be published on this page.
CAN CHARGES BE PUT ON HOLD?
Students with an ongoing complaint or appeal may be made temporarily exempt from late payment administration charges with the authorisation of the Student Fees Manager
FEES FOR LEAVERS
If a student leaves part way through an academic year their fees may be reduced, adjustments are calculated based on the student's leave date in Banner. This adjustment is manual and is done after the receipt of the leavers workflow (UG, TP) or copy of the leavers form (RP).
 
FEES FOR LEAVERS
If a student leaves part way through an academic year their fees may be reduced, adjustments are calculated based on the student's leave date in Banner. This adjustment is manual and is done after the receipt of the leavers workflow (UG, TP) or copy of the leavers form (RP).
Student information can be found on our student page: tuition fee liability. This includes information about their statutory right to cancel their contract with the University of Leeds within 14 days of start of term or course start date.
School/Faculty staff are not expected to answer fee queries from leavers. However, students should be signposted to Student Fees as part of the process.
If a student intending to leave has an urgent query about their tuition fee liability we are happy to answer this by telephone 0113 343 6700 or email fees@leeds.ac.uk
Students who wish to speak to a member of the Fees team face to face can be directed to visit Student Fees at the Student Services Counter in the Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building. 
The same calculations process for Undergraduate and Taught Postgraduate students is followed for students who are leavers, temporary leavers and presumed withdrawn. For UG or PG temporary leavers who are going to return in semester 2 you will need to refer to our SES page on Returners and reduced fees. 
Tuition fees for Research postgraduates taking a suspension are not automatically recalculated. If you have a query regarding fee adjustments and suspensions please contact Student Fees 0113 343 6700 or email fees@leeds.ac.uk .
Once fees have been adjusted Student Fees will send a letter to the student at their permanent home address.
Queries or complaints that Student Fees receive disputing the leaving date on this letter will be referred to the parent school.
LEAVER'S FORM
Research leavers should be directed to the following guidance pages for leaving their research.
If a taught (UG or TP) student is unable to immediately complete a leavers form please check that this delay will not dramatically impact their fees charged. If a student confirms their intention to leave in writing (eg via email) the date of the email can be honoured if a leavers form is completed and processed within two weeks.
For more information about the taught leavers process please refer to the Student Leavers pages for staff.
Taught student leavers forms must be completed and processed within two weeks of the leave date. If they are not processed in the appropriate timeframe the leave date on the form may not be used and the student may be charged additional fees.
If late processing is due to delays within the parent school (eg incomplete or misplaced form) we may ask for the parent school to pay the additional amount charged so the student is not financially disadvantaged.
UK/EU/CI UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS 

Charged per term in line with tuition fee loan liability dates and amounts (ie 25% if students leave in term one, 50% if students leave in term two, 100% if students leave in term three) and set by Student Finance (SLC). UK/EU/CI self funded students are charged using the same calculation.
Students must be registered for one day of the term to become liable for fee payment. If students leave on day two of term they must pay the % fee charge above.
OVERSEAS UNDERGRADUATES
International students who leave early will be charged monthly based on their start date. This is based on nine months study from the start date of their course. 
For example, if the student left on the first day of the third month, they would incur charge of three ninths of the full fee.
TAUGHT AND RESEARCH POSTGRADUATES (UK/EU/CI AND OVERSEAS)
All taught and research postgraduates who leave early will be charged monthly based on their start date. This is based on 12 months study from the start date of their course. 
For example, if the student left on the first day of the third month, they would incur charge of three twelfths of the full fee.
When a research student goes on suspension their fees are not automatically recalculated. Overtime (writing up) fees are not reduced if a student takes suspension, completes or leaves during the year.
ACCOMMODATION 
Students living in University accommodation will need to give 8 weeks' notice and submit a leaver's form, signed by the parent school, in order to be released from their accommodation contract.
More information about students who wish to leave their accommodation can be found on the Accommodation Services website
TUITION FEE SCHOLARSHIPS AND AWARDS
University departments may make tuition fee awards to students, for example the alumni bursary or as part of a postgraduate research scholarship. To do this, departments should use a FA1 form. Guidance on how to complete a form is below.
 TUITION FEE SCHOLARSHIPS AND AWARDS
University departments may make tuition fee awards to students, for example the alumni bursary or as part of a postgraduate research scholarship. To do this, departments should use a FA1 form. Guidance on how to complete a form is below.
Please be aware that we will begin rejecting awards submitted on the old-style Form 21s as of Monday 3rd February 2020. The old inbox, Form21@leeds.ac.uk, used to submit the old-style forms will also cease to be monitored at that point. All awards will need to be submitted on FA1 forms to the FA1@leeds.ac.uk inbox from that point onwards. 
FORMS
 
FA1 Form – can be used to authorise and notify Student Fees of fee scholarships
Fee Amendment Form – used to notify Student Fees of an amendment to an existing student fee award
Fee Reversal form – used to notify Student Fees of the need to completely reverse a fee scholarship 
Guidance documentation
 
Guidance document – this is a detailed overview of how to complete the forms, where to send them, and how to request an amendment to an award.
PROCESS OVERVIEW: NOTIFYING STUDENT FEES 
 
Individual in the School or Service completes a FA1 form
An Authorised Signatory emails the form directly to FA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
If all necessary information has been provided and sent by an Authorised Signatory, Student Fees will enter the award on the Banner system.  
 
Student Fees can only accept the approved version of the FA1, Payment Amendment, and Reversal forms due to specific formatting requirements (available above). Any old versions of the form cannot be processed and therefore payments will not be made. Any forms submitted by an unauthorised Signatory cannot be processed. 
FORMS, WHAT TO USE AND HOW (THE DOS AND DON'TS) 
Please note that the FA1 form uses macros to facilitate some of the built in functionality and it is important that once you have finished using the FA1 form you completely close down Excel before continuing on with other work. If you do not completely close Excel there can be issues with certain action (such as copy and pasting) that occur as a result of the Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) programme continuing to run in the background.
We have aimed to keep complexity to a minimum however, if you have any issues inputting information on a form, please contact Student Fees and we will be happy to provide you with extra information or training.
Please check carefully that the SID and Surname has been entered correctly before sending. Note, the first name is not required for GDPR compliance.
Is the student eligible for a scholarship? The Fees team do not audit eligibility. For example, if the scholarship is only valid for alumni or self-funding students you must check this before completing the form.
Has the student been informed? Student fees do not contact students to say an award has been added to the system, you must notify the student to ensure they know about any scholarships.
Please send the completed form directly to FA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
Please do:
 
Check that the Cost Object Number quoted is in a valid format
Check that the Student ID number(s) quoted match the student listed
Only use one cost object/account number per FA1 form. This will greatly help the student fees team when inputting and reduce input errors.
Use a separate form for different academic years or different amounts. This will lessen inputting errors and speed up processing.
Preserve the formatting of the form, especially when pasting in data. The font size must be legible in order for Student Fees to be able to process the payment request.
Complete the relevant Payment Amendment Form for an amendment to an award that does not result in the student receiving increased money or a total reversal of the award.
Complete a Reversal Form where you require the total award to be completely reversed and not just amended.
Make sure that the correct academic year is used. If a form is input to the wrong year, the student may not be able to complete registration. 
Select the correct GL code for the award:
- 56041 for Alumni Bursary only - 56042 for Fee waivers (for example, a reduction for mitigating circumstances) - 56040 for all other awards
 
Select the correct Major Source of Funding code. This is always a two digit code. This is so that we can report scholarship information to HESA, it is essential for processing the form. A list of all the Major Source of Funding codes is provided here.
In order to increase an existing award to a student, please send another form for the extra amount only – not for the new overall award total. The amendment form should be sent from an authorised signatory to FA1@leeds.ac.uk
Check that your Authorised Signatory List is up-to-date.
Check that there is enough budget in the account/cost object to cover the award payment.
Please do:
 
Not send replacement/duplicate forms, or forms which supersede previously submitted forms. In the event of a duplicate form being sent, Student fees accept no responsibility for duplicate forms being processed.
Not use the FA1 form to pay for work performed by the recipient for or on behalf of the University of Leeds. If you wish to make a payment directly to the student as an award or maintenance, use the MA1 form. These are processed by the Funding team.
Not add extra students to a form that has already been submitted. Please create a new form
Not alter the form from a landscape set up to portrait as this will affect the ability to input data.
Not leave mandatory fields blank.
Not scan the forms and send them as pdf attachments.
Not send reformat or change any part of the FA1 form.
Not re-send forms to FA1@leeds.ac.uk in order to query them. Any forms sent to this e-mail address are liable to be paid, so re-sending forms could result in a duplicate payment being made. Any queries should be sent to FA1queries@leeds.ac.uk
CHANGES TO AWARDS/QUERYING AWARDS
If a payment needs to be altered, please email a completed Payment Amendment Form to FA1@leeds.ac.uk
If you have any queries regarding the processing of a payment, please contact Student Fees directly for further information.
WHEN TO SEND AN FA1 FORM 
Student Fees receive in excess of 5,000 forms each year, mainly during our peak registration period in September. With this in mind, it would be very helpful if FA1’s are sent in advance to ensure processing before registration (but after the general student record has been created in Banner).
Regardless of when the FA1 is processed your account will not be debited until the student completes online registration.
The award must not constitute a refund of an overpayment of accommodation or tuition fee payments made by the student to the University. The student should contact the Fees office directly to discuss the overpayment.
PROCESSING TURNAROUND
Forms that are correctly completed and authorised will be processed within three working days of receipt. Please note that this may extend to five working days during busy periods.
If forms are completed incorrectly or budgets are exceeded, processing will be delayed and will be three working days from when the issue is resolved. This may require a new FA1 form being submitted with new authorisation.
RETENTION OF FA1 FORMS
Copies of all FA1 forms should be retained by Schools/Faculties for the statutory retention period. FA1 forms will be retained by Student Fees for two years.
TUITION PAYMENT FOR SPONSORED STUDENTS
If a student is being supported by a third party organisation (but not Student Finance or a Research council) they are considered to be sponsored. Proof is required before the student can register.
 TUITION PAYMENT FOR SPONSORED STUDENTS
If a student is being supported by a third party organisation (but not Student Finance or a Research council) they are considered to be sponsored. Proof is required before the student can register.
SPONSOR LETTERS
Students with sponsorship must provide evidence of their sponsorship to register at the University, this has to be in an acceptable format and contain specific information. Information regarding what is required is available on the Sponsored Students page of the SES student website.
We will invoice sponsors directly for the annual academic fees, this should be paid within 30 days from when they receive the invoice.
SPONSOR EVIDENCE FOR DEPOSIT PAYERS
International taught postgraduate students may be asked to provide evidence of sponsorship during the application process. Because this evidence is provided at such an early stage it does not always adhere to the strict rules for registration.
If a student is not sure if their evidence has been accepted for registration they should email their sponsor letter to sponsors@leeds.ac.uk
DO WE NEED THE ORIGINAL LETTER?
In most cases, sponsors can email us a non-editable version of the sponsor letter: for example, a scanned document, PDF or image file. Sponsor letters should be sent to sponsors@leeds.ac.uk
WHAT IF THE SPONSOR DOES NOT PAY?
If a sponsor does not pay the liability for the payment of fees lies with the student. Up to date information on this policy is maintained on the Sponsored students page of the SES student website.
REDUCED FEES AND RETURNERS
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
 
REDUCED FEES AND RETURNERS
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
Banner will charge 100% of the fee for the academic session by default. If the student shouldn’t be paying the full tuition fee a manual reduction is required. You can request waivers by Form 21 and reductions using a Form R. A Form Z can be used to cancel a fee if it is paid for by block-funding.
It is the responsibility of the School/Faculty to identify when a reduction is required, Student Fees will not prompt you to submit a form. Student Fees are happy to provide guidance - please email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk or call ext. 36700 for support.
Processes may change, refer to this page or the Student Fees team before completing your form or informing a student of the process.
FA1 FORM – COVERING FEES (FEE WAIVERS)
An FA1 form is used when the required tuition fee is charged but all or part of the tuition fee is paid from a University account. SAP account details need to be provided to with sufficient funds to cover the tuition fees. An FA1 should be used in the following circumstances:
Reduce/waive fees due to an appeal, complaint, mitigating circumstances This may be a decision taken by the School or by the central Student Cases team. In either case, a reduction in tuition fees needs to be covered from a SAP account. When completing the FA1 form you must use GL code 56042 for Fee Waivers.
Scholarship or bursary If a student is receiving a tuition fee scholarship or bursary the SAP account details must be provided.
More information about completing an FA1 form can be found our page Tuition Fee Scholarships and awards. 
FORM R – REDUCING FEES
Download the Form R  UG template or PG template
A Form R is used to reduce the tuition fee charged. When a fee is reduced using a Form R financial support, HESA data and funding to Schools will be affected. Fee reductions cannot be reversed.
 RE-SITTING INTERNALLY OR RETURNING FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE
Students can be allowed to resit their studies internally or return from temporary leave part-way through a year. Students must be charged for the time that they are studying. The charging principles vary to reflect student funding eligibility.
Undergraduate Home/EU UG Home/EU students will be charged for the term they will be registering for not the credits they will be taking. This is in line with the Student Finance charging policy (100% for three terms, 75% for term 2 and 3 and 50% for term 3 only).
Undergraduate Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students UG Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students will be charged for the months they are taking or credits they are studying, depending which is cheaper.
Returning students cannot be charged less than the full value of their programme. Reductions and waivers should be provided by Form 21.
One year programmes (eg FT Masters) are not fixed at entry. Students who return in a different session will be charged at the current rate for their programme in the year in which they return.   
REDUCED CREDITS DUE TO ACCREDITATION OF PRIOR LEARNING
Students who have brought with them credits from a previous course are entitled to a reduced fee in line with their offer letter, this can be requested by completing a Form R. If you reduce a fee using Form R, this may have an impact on a student's entitlement to University of Leeds and/or external funding.
You must advise each student to contact the Student Funding team so that they understand the financial impact of registering with reduced fees - funding@leeds.ac.uk
Information for students about tuition fee liability can be found on our student pages: http://students.leeds.ac.uk/info/10210/paying_fees_and_charges/608/tuition_fee_liability
FORM Z – CANCELLING FEES
Download the Form Z template
A Form Z is used to cancel a tuition fee in full. If a fee is cancelled using a Form Z financial support, HESA reporting and funding to Schools will be affected, so a fee can’t subsequently be charged. Multi-lists are accepted.
A Form Z should be only used in the following circumstance:
Externally block funded programmes (eg. LETB, HEEYH) If your students receive funding in blocks from an external source, such as NHS funding via the LETB or HEEYH scheme
AUTHORISATION AND SUBMISSION
Forms should be submitted before registration but after the general student record in Banner has been created. Forms received before the student has a Banner record will be rejected.
Faculties or Schools may be requested to cover the cost of maintenance and bursary overpayments caused as a direct result of late Form submission.
 Form 21, Form R and Form Z must be approved by an authorised signatory. Approval from an authorised signatory by email is recommended, but approval and the correct completed spreadsheet must be in the same email. This supports us when the documents are audited. More information about authorised signatories can be found at http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21710/funding_and_awards/1135/authorised_signatories
Completed and approved form 21's should be sent to form21@leeds.ac.uk and all other completed spreadsheets should be sent by email to either UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk. 
AUTHORISED SIGNATORIES
Information regarding who is authorised to request payments are made to students using an MA1 Form, and who is authorised to request scholarships for tuition fees using an FA1 Form, or a reduction in fees charged using a Form R. 
AUTHORISED SIGNATORIES
Information regarding who is authorised to request payments are made to students using an MA1 Form, and who is authorised to request scholarships for tuition fees using an FA1 Form, or a reduction in fees charged using a Form R. 
WHO IS AN AUTHORISED SIGNATORY IN YOUR SCHOOL OR SERVICE?
The Authorised Signatory list can be found here. 
FORMS: 
MA1 Form – used to authorise one-off lump sum payments, or regular monthly maintenance payments, for one or multiple students (Funding). 
MA1 Payment Amendment Form – used to notify the Funding Team of a change to an existing award (Funding)
FA1 Form – used to authorise scholarships for tuition fees including reductions for mitigating circumstances (Fees) 
TUITION FEE SCHOLARSHIPS AND AWARDS
University departments may make tuition fee awards to students, for example the alumni bursary or as part of a postgraduate research scholarship. To do this, departments should use a FA1 form. Guidance on how to complete a form is below.
Please be aware that we will begin rejecting awards submitted on the old-style Form 21s as of Monday 3rd February 2020. The old inbox, Form21@leeds.ac.uk, used to submit the old-style forms will also cease to be monitored at that point. All awards will need to be submitted on FA1 forms to the FA1@leeds.ac.uk inbox from that point onwards. 
FORMS
 
FA1 Form – can be used to authorise and notify Student Fees of fee scholarships
Fee Amendment Form – used to notify Student Fees of an amendment to an existing student fee award
Fee Reversal form – used to notify Student Fees of the need to completely reverse a fee scholarship 
Guidance documentation
 
Guidance document – this is a detailed overview of how to complete the forms, where to send them, and how to request an amendment to an award.
PROCESS OVERVIEW: NOTIFYING STUDENT FEES 
 
Individual in the School or Service completes a FA1 form
An Authorised Signatory emails the form directly to FA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
If all necessary information has been provided and sent by an Authorised Signatory, Student Fees will enter the award on the Banner system.  
 
Student Fees can only accept the approved version of the FA1, Payment Amendment, and Reversal forms due to specific formatting requirements (available above). Any old versions of the form cannot be processed and therefore payments will not be made. Any forms submitted by an unauthorised Signatory cannot be processed. 
FORMS, WHAT TO USE AND HOW (THE DOS AND DON'TS) 
Please note that the FA1 form uses macros to facilitate some of the built in functionality and it is important that once you have finished using the FA1 form you completely close down Excel before continuing on with other work. If you do not completely close Excel there can be issues with certain action (such as copy and pasting) that occur as a result of the Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) programme continuing to run in the background.
We have aimed to keep complexity to a minimum however, if you have any issues inputting information on a form, please contact Student Fees and we will be happy to provide you with extra information or training.
Please check carefully that the SID and Surname has been entered correctly before sending. Note, the first name is not required for GDPR compliance.
Is the student eligible for a scholarship? The Fees team do not audit eligibility. For example, if the scholarship is only valid for alumni or self-funding students you must check this before completing the form.
Has the student been informed? Student fees do not contact students to say an award has been added to the system, you must notify the student to ensure they know about any scholarships.
Please send the completed form directly to FA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
Please do:
 
Check that the Cost Object Number quoted is in a valid format
Check that the Student ID number(s) quoted match the student listed
Only use one cost object/account number per FA1 form. This will greatly help the student fees team when inputting and reduce input errors.
Use a separate form for different academic years or different amounts. This will lessen inputting errors and speed up processing.
Preserve the formatting of the form, especially when pasting in data. The font size must be legible in order for Student Fees to be able to process the payment request.
Complete the relevant Payment Amendment Form for an amendment to an award that does not result in the student receiving increased money or a total reversal of the award.
Complete a Reversal Form where you require the total award to be completely reversed and not just amended.
Make sure that the correct academic year is used. If a form is input to the wrong year, the student may not be able to complete registration. 
Select the correct GL code for the award:
- 56041 for Alumni Bursary only - 56042 for Fee waivers (for example, a reduction for mitigating circumstances) - 56040 for all other awards
 
Select the correct Major Source of Funding code. This is always a two digit code. This is so that we can report scholarship information to HESA, it is essential for processing the form. A list of all the Major Source of Funding codes is provided here.
In order to increase an existing award to a student, please send another form for the extra amount only – not for the new overall award total. The amendment form should be sent from an authorised signatory to FA1@leeds.ac.uk
Check that your Authorised Signatory List is up-to-date.
Check that there is enough budget in the account/cost object to cover the award payment.
Please do:
 
Not send replacement/duplicate forms, or forms which supersede previously submitted forms. In the event of a duplicate form being sent, Student fees accept no responsibility for duplicate forms being processed.
Not use the FA1 form to pay for work performed by the recipient for or on behalf of the University of Leeds. If you wish to make a payment directly to the student as an award or maintenance, use the MA1 form. These are processed by the Funding team.
Not add extra students to a form that has already been submitted. Please create a new form
Not alter the form from a landscape set up to portrait as this will affect the ability to input data.
Not leave mandatory fields blank.
Not scan the forms and send them as pdf attachments.
Not send reformat or change any part of the FA1 form.
Not re-send forms to FA1@leeds.ac.uk in order to query them. Any forms sent to this e-mail address are liable to be paid, so re-sending forms could result in a duplicate payment being made. Any queries should be sent to FA1queries@leeds.ac.uk
CHANGES TO AWARDS/QUERYING AWARDS
If a payment needs to be altered, please email a completed Payment Amendment Form to FA1@leeds.ac.uk
If you have any queries regarding the processing of a payment, please contact Student Fees directly for further information.
WHEN TO SEND AN FA1 FORM 
Student Fees receive in excess of 5,000 forms each year, mainly during our peak registration period in September. With this in mind, it would be very helpful if FA1’s are sent in advance to ensure processing before registration (but after the general student record has been created in Banner).
Regardless of when the FA1 is processed your account will not be debited until the student completes online registration.
The award must not constitute a refund of an overpayment of accommodation or tuition fee payments made by the student to the University. The student should contact the Fees office directly to discuss the overpayment.
PROCESSING TURNAROUND
Forms that are correctly completed and authorised will be processed within three working days of receipt. Please note that this may extend to five working days during busy periods.
If forms are completed incorrectly or budgets are exceeded, processing will be delayed and will be three working days from when the issue is resolved. This may require a new FA1 form being submitted with new authorisation.
RETENTION OF FA1 FORMS
Copies of all FA1 forms should be retained by Schools/Faculties for the statutory retention period. FA1 forms will be retained by Student Fees for two years.
CONTACT
For enquiries and extra help or advice, please contact Student Fees using the information below:
Student Fees
Student Services Centre
Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building
University of Leeds
Leeds
LS2 9JT
FA1queries@leeds.ac.uk
0113 343 6700
Please send completed forms to FA1@leeds.ac.uk. Please note that this is an automated email address, no message in the body of the email will be picked up. 
FA1 Amendment Form - used to notify the Fees Team of a change in value of an existing fee scholarship (Fees) 
REDUCED FEES AND RETURNERS
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
Banner will charge 100% of the fee for the academic session by default. If the student shouldn’t be paying the full tuition fee a manual reduction is required. You can request waivers by Form 21 and reductions using a Form R. A Form Z can be used to cancel a fee if it is paid for by block-funding.
It is the responsibility of the School/Faculty to identify when a reduction is required, Student Fees will not prompt you to submit a form. Student Fees are happy to provide guidance - please email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk or call ext. 36700 for support.
Processes may change, refer to this page or the Student Fees team before completing your form or informing a student of the process.
FA1 FORM – COVERING FEES (FEE WAIVERS)
An FA1 form is used when the required tuition fee is charged but all or part of the tuition fee is paid from a University account. SAP account details need to be provided to with sufficient funds to cover the tuition fees. An FA1 should be used in the following circumstances:
Reduce/waive fees due to an appeal, complaint, mitigating circumstances This may be a decision taken by the School or by the central Student Cases team. In either case, a reduction in tuition fees needs to be covered from a SAP account. When completing the FA1 form you must use GL code 56042 for Fee Waivers.
Scholarship or bursary If a student is receiving a tuition fee scholarship or bursary the SAP account details must be provided.
More information about completing an FA1 form can be found our page Tuition Fee Scholarships and awards. 
FORM R – REDUCING FEES
Download the Form R  UG template or PG template
A Form R is used to reduce the tuition fee charged. When a fee is reduced using a Form R financial support, HESA data and funding to Schools will be affected. Fee reductions cannot be reversed.
 RE-SITTING INTERNALLY OR RETURNING FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE
Students can be allowed to resit their studies internally or return from temporary leave part-way through a year. Students must be charged for the time that they are studying. The charging principles vary to reflect student funding eligibility.
Undergraduate Home/EU UG Home/EU students will be charged for the term they will be registering for not the credits they will be taking. This is in line with the Student Finance charging policy (100% for three terms, 75% for term 2 and 3 and 50% for term 3 only).
Undergraduate Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students UG Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students will be charged for the months they are taking or credits they are studying, depending which is cheaper.
Returning students cannot be charged less than the full value of their programme. Reductions and waivers should be provided by Form 21.
One year programmes (eg FT Masters) are not fixed at entry. Students who return in a different session will be charged at the current rate for their programme in the year in which they return.   
REDUCED CREDITS DUE TO ACCREDITATION OF PRIOR LEARNING
Students who have brought with them credits from a previous course are entitled to a reduced fee in line with their offer letter, this can be requested by completing a Form R. If you reduce a fee using Form R, this may have an impact on a student's entitlement to University of Leeds and/or external funding.
You must advise each student to contact the Student Funding team so that they understand the financial impact of registering with reduced fees - funding@leeds.ac.uk
Information for students about tuition fee liability can be found on our student pages: http://students.leeds.ac.uk/info/10210/paying_fees_and_charges/608/tuition_fee_liability
FORM Z – CANCELLING FEES
Download the Form Z template
A Form Z is used to cancel a tuition fee in full. If a fee is cancelled using a Form Z financial support, HESA reporting and funding to Schools will be affected, so a fee can’t subsequently be charged. Multi-lists are accepted.
A Form Z should be only used in the following circumstance:
Externally block funded programmes (eg. LETB, HEEYH) If your students receive funding in blocks from an external source, such as NHS funding via the LETB or HEEYH scheme
AUTHORISATION AND SUBMISSION
Forms should be submitted before registration but after the general student record in Banner has been created. Forms received before the student has a Banner record will be rejected.
Faculties or Schools may be requested to cover the cost of maintenance and bursary overpayments caused as a direct result of late Form submission.
 Form 21, Form R and Form Z must be approved by an authorised signatory. Approval from an authorised signatory by email is recommended, but approval and the correct completed spreadsheet must be in the same email. This supports us when the documents are audited. More information about authorised signatories can be found at http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21710/funding_and_awards/1135/authorised_signatories
Completed and approved form 21's should be sent to form21@leeds.ac.uk and all other completed spreadsheets should be sent by email to either UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk. 
FA1 Reversal Form - used to notify the Fees Team of a fees scholarship that needs to be completely removed from a student record (Fees)
REDUCED FEES AND RETURNERS
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
Banner will charge 100% of the fee for the academic session by default. If the student shouldn’t be paying the full tuition fee a manual reduction is required. You can request waivers by Form 21 and reductions using a Form R. A Form Z can be used to cancel a fee if it is paid for by block-funding.
It is the responsibility of the School/Faculty to identify when a reduction is required, Student Fees will not prompt you to submit a form. Student Fees are happy to provide guidance - please email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk or call ext. 36700 for support.
Processes may change, refer to this page or the Student Fees team before completing your form or informing a student of the process.
FA1 FORM – COVERING FEES (FEE WAIVERS)
An FA1 form is used when the required tuition fee is charged but all or part of the tuition fee is paid from a University account. SAP account details need to be provided to with sufficient funds to cover the tuition fees. An FA1 should be used in the following circumstances:
Reduce/waive fees due to an appeal, complaint, mitigating circumstances This may be a decision taken by the School or by the central Student Cases team. In either case, a reduction in tuition fees needs to be covered from a SAP account. When completing the FA1 form you must use GL code 56042 for Fee Waivers.
Scholarship or bursary If a student is receiving a tuition fee scholarship or bursary the SAP account details must be provided.
More information about completing an FA1 form can be found our page Tuition Fee Scholarships and awards. 
FORM R – REDUCING FEES
Download the Form R  UG template or PG template
A Form R is used to reduce the tuition fee charged. When a fee is reduced using a Form R financial support, HESA data and funding to Schools will be affected. Fee reductions cannot be reversed.
 RE-SITTING INTERNALLY OR RETURNING FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE
Students can be allowed to resit their studies internally or return from temporary leave part-way through a year. Students must be charged for the time that they are studying. The charging principles vary to reflect student funding eligibility.
Undergraduate Home/EU UG Home/EU students will be charged for the term they will be registering for not the credits they will be taking. This is in line with the Student Finance charging policy (100% for three terms, 75% for term 2 and 3 and 50% for term 3 only).
Undergraduate Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students UG Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students will be charged for the months they are taking or credits they are studying, depending which is cheaper.
Returning students cannot be charged less than the full value of their programme. Reductions and waivers should be provided by Form 21.
One year programmes (eg FT Masters) are not fixed at entry. Students who return in a different session will be charged at the current rate for their programme in the year in which they return.   
REDUCED CREDITS DUE TO ACCREDITATION OF PRIOR LEARNING
Students who have brought with them credits from a previous course are entitled to a reduced fee in line with their offer letter, this can be requested by completing a Form R. If you reduce a fee using Form R, this may have an impact on a student's entitlement to University of Leeds and/or external funding.
You must advise each student to contact the Student Funding team so that they understand the financial impact of registering with reduced fees - funding@leeds.ac.uk
Information for students about tuition fee liability can be found on our student pages: http://students.leeds.ac.uk/info/10210/paying_fees_and_charges/608/tuition_fee_liability
FORM Z – CANCELLING FEES
Download the Form Z template
A Form Z is used to cancel a tuition fee in full. If a fee is cancelled using a Form Z financial support, HESA reporting and funding to Schools will be affected, so a fee can’t subsequently be charged. Multi-lists are accepted.
A Form Z should be only used in the following circumstance:
Externally block funded programmes (eg. LETB, HEEYH) If your students receive funding in blocks from an external source, such as NHS funding via the LETB or HEEYH scheme
AUTHORISATION AND SUBMISSION
Forms should be submitted before registration but after the general student record in Banner has been created. Forms received before the student has a Banner record will be rejected.
Faculties or Schools may be requested to cover the cost of maintenance and bursary overpayments caused as a direct result of late Form submission.
 Form 21, Form R and Form Z must be approved by an authorised signatory. Approval from an authorised signatory by email is recommended, but approval and the correct completed spreadsheet must be in the same email. This supports us when the documents are audited. More information about authorised signatories can be found at http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21710/funding_and_awards/1135/authorised_signatories
Completed and approved form 21's should be sent to form21@leeds.ac.uk and all other completed spreadsheets should be sent by email to either UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk. 
Form Z – used to authorise cancelled fees due to block funding (Fees) 
REDUCED FEES AND RETURNERS
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
Banner will charge 100% of the fee for the academic session by default. If the student shouldn’t be paying the full tuition fee a manual reduction is required. You can request waivers by Form 21 and reductions using a Form R. A Form Z can be used to cancel a fee if it is paid for by block-funding.
It is the responsibility of the School/Faculty to identify when a reduction is required, Student Fees will not prompt you to submit a form. Student Fees are happy to provide guidance - please email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk or call ext. 36700 for support.
Processes may change, refer to this page or the Student Fees team before completing your form or informing a student of the process.
FA1 FORM – COVERING FEES (FEE WAIVERS)
An FA1 form is used when the required tuition fee is charged but all or part of the tuition fee is paid from a University account. SAP account details need to be provided to with sufficient funds to cover the tuition fees. An FA1 should be used in the following circumstances:
Reduce/waive fees due to an appeal, complaint, mitigating circumstances This may be a decision taken by the School or by the central Student Cases team. In either case, a reduction in tuition fees needs to be covered from a SAP account. When completing the FA1 form you must use GL code 56042 for Fee Waivers.
Scholarship or bursary If a student is receiving a tuition fee scholarship or bursary the SAP account details must be provided.
More information about completing an FA1 form can be found our page Tuition Fee Scholarships and awards. 
FORM R – REDUCING FEES
Download the Form R  UG template or PG template
A Form R is used to reduce the tuition fee charged. When a fee is reduced using a Form R financial support, HESA data and funding to Schools will be affected. Fee reductions cannot be reversed.
 RE-SITTING INTERNALLY OR RETURNING FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE
Students can be allowed to resit their studies internally or return from temporary leave part-way through a year. Students must be charged for the time that they are studying. The charging principles vary to reflect student funding eligibility.
Undergraduate Home/EU UG Home/EU students will be charged for the term they will be registering for not the credits they will be taking. This is in line with the Student Finance charging policy (100% for three terms, 75% for term 2 and 3 and 50% for term 3 only).
Undergraduate Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students UG Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students will be charged for the months they are taking or credits they are studying, depending which is cheaper.
Returning students cannot be charged less than the full value of their programme. Reductions and waivers should be provided by Form 21.
One year programmes (eg FT Masters) are not fixed at entry. Students who return in a different session will be charged at the current rate for their programme in the year in which they return.   
REDUCED CREDITS DUE TO ACCREDITATION OF PRIOR LEARNING
Students who have brought with them credits from a previous course are entitled to a reduced fee in line with their offer letter, this can be requested by completing a Form R. If you reduce a fee using Form R, this may have an impact on a student's entitlement to University of Leeds and/or external funding.
You must advise each student to contact the Student Funding team so that they understand the financial impact of registering with reduced fees - funding@leeds.ac.uk
Information for students about tuition fee liability can be found on our student pages: http://students.leeds.ac.uk/info/10210/paying_fees_and_charges/608/tuition_fee_liability
FORM Z – CANCELLING FEES
Download the Form Z template
A Form Z is used to cancel a tuition fee in full. If a fee is cancelled using a Form Z financial support, HESA reporting and funding to Schools will be affected, so a fee can’t subsequently be charged. Multi-lists are accepted.
A Form Z should be only used in the following circumstance:
Externally block funded programmes (eg. LETB, HEEYH) If your students receive funding in blocks from an external source, such as NHS funding via the LETB or HEEYH scheme
AUTHORISATION AND SUBMISSION
Forms should be submitted before registration but after the general student record in Banner has been created. Forms received before the student has a Banner record will be rejected.
Faculties or Schools may be requested to cover the cost of maintenance and bursary overpayments caused as a direct result of late Form submission.
 Form 21, Form R and Form Z must be approved by an authorised signatory. Approval from an authorised signatory by email is recommended, but approval and the correct completed spreadsheet must be in the same email. This supports us when the documents are audited. More information about authorised signatories can be found at http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21710/funding_and_awards/1135/authorised_signatories
Completed and approved form 21's should be sent to form21@leeds.ac.uk and all other completed spreadsheets should be sent by email to either UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk. 
Form R - used to authorise pro-rata reduction of fees (Fees)
REDUCED FEES AND RETURNERS
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
Banner will charge 100% of the fee for the academic session by default. If the student shouldn’t be paying the full tuition fee a manual reduction is required. You can request waivers by Form 21 and reductions using a Form R. A Form Z can be used to cancel a fee if it is paid for by block-funding.
It is the responsibility of the School/Faculty to identify when a reduction is required, Student Fees will not prompt you to submit a form. Student Fees are happy to provide guidance - please email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk or call ext. 36700 for support.
Processes may change, refer to this page or the Student Fees team before completing your form or informing a student of the process.
FA1 FORM – COVERING FEES (FEE WAIVERS)
An FA1 form is used when the required tuition fee is charged but all or part of the tuition fee is paid from a University account. SAP account details need to be provided to with sufficient funds to cover the tuition fees. An FA1 should be used in the following circumstances:
Reduce/waive fees due to an appeal, complaint, mitigating circumstances This may be a decision taken by the School or by the central Student Cases team. In either case, a reduction in tuition fees needs to be covered from a SAP account. When completing the FA1 form you must use GL code 56042 for Fee Waivers.
Scholarship or bursary If a student is receiving a tuition fee scholarship or bursary the SAP account details must be provided.
More information about completing an FA1 form can be found our page Tuition Fee Scholarships and awards. 
FORM R – REDUCING FEES
Download the Form R  UG template or PG template
A Form R is used to reduce the tuition fee charged. When a fee is reduced using a Form R financial support, HESA data and funding to Schools will be affected. Fee reductions cannot be reversed.
 RE-SITTING INTERNALLY OR RETURNING FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE
Students can be allowed to resit their studies internally or return from temporary leave part-way through a year. Students must be charged for the time that they are studying. The charging principles vary to reflect student funding eligibility.
Undergraduate Home/EU UG Home/EU students will be charged for the term they will be registering for not the credits they will be taking. This is in line with the Student Finance charging policy (100% for three terms, 75% for term 2 and 3 and 50% for term 3 only).
Undergraduate Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students UG Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students will be charged for the months they are taking or credits they are studying, depending which is cheaper.
Returning students cannot be charged less than the full value of their programme. Reductions and waivers should be provided by Form 21.
One year programmes (eg FT Masters) are not fixed at entry. Students who return in a different session will be charged at the current rate for their programme in the year in which they return.   
REDUCED CREDITS DUE TO ACCREDITATION OF PRIOR LEARNING
Students who have brought with them credits from a previous course are entitled to a reduced fee in line with their offer letter, this can be requested by completing a Form R. If you reduce a fee using Form R, this may have an impact on a student's entitlement to University of Leeds and/or external funding.
You must advise each student to contact the Student Funding team so that they understand the financial impact of registering with reduced fees - funding@leeds.ac.uk
Information for students about tuition fee liability can be found on our student pages: http://students.leeds.ac.uk/info/10210/paying_fees_and_charges/608/tuition_fee_liability
FORM Z – CANCELLING FEES
Download the Form Z template
A Form Z is used to cancel a tuition fee in full. If a fee is cancelled using a Form Z financial support, HESA reporting and funding to Schools will be affected, so a fee can’t subsequently be charged. Multi-lists are accepted.
A Form Z should be only used in the following circumstance:
Externally block funded programmes (eg. LETB, HEEYH) If your students receive funding in blocks from an external source, such as NHS funding via the LETB or HEEYH scheme
AUTHORISATION AND SUBMISSION
Forms should be submitted before registration but after the general student record in Banner has been created. Forms received before the student has a Banner record will be rejected.
Faculties or Schools may be requested to cover the cost of maintenance and bursary overpayments caused as a direct result of late Form submission.
 Form 21, Form R and Form Z must be approved by an authorised signatory. Approval from an authorised signatory by email is recommended, but approval and the correct completed spreadsheet must be in the same email. This supports us when the documents are audited. More information about authorised signatories can be found at http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21710/funding_and_awards/1135/authorised_signatories
Completed and approved form 21's should be sent to form21@leeds.ac.uk and all other completed spreadsheets should be sent by email to either UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk. 
HOW TO ADD AN AUTHORISED SIGNATORY
The Faculty Finance Manager or Head of Service will have to send an email to Funding with the name of the member of staff they wish to be added to the list. They will also need to confirm which Form (MA1, FA1, and/or Z), the member of staff will be authorised to sign. 
This will then be updated by Funding and a confirmation sent back to the Faculty Finance Manager/Head of Service.
HOW TO REMOVE AN AUTHORISED SIGNATORY
The Faculty Finance Manager or Head of Service will have to send an email to Funding with the name of the member of staff they wish to be removed from the list. 
This will then be updated by Funding and a confirmation sent back to the Faculty Finance Manager /Head of Service.
ANNUAL UPDATE OF AUTHORISED SIGNATORY LIST
Funding will organise an annual update of the Authorised Signatory list in June of each year.
Faculty Finance Managers/Heads of Service will be contacted to confirm the list is correct for each department. 
FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES
If you're contacted by students who are experiencing financial hardship due to a variety of different reasons, then they may be eligible for the Leeds Hardship Fund.
If you're contacted by students who are experiencing financial hardship due to a variety of different reasons, then they may be eligible for the Leeds Hardship Fund.
LEEDS HARDSHIP FUND
The LHF provides grants from £100 to £3,500 for students in financial difficulty. This could be because of a crisis, a change in circumstances, or simply because the statutory student funding package does not adequately cover essential costs. 
The Leeds Hardship Fund (LHF) can't help with tuition fees, nor can it help with University fines or debt. If you are working with students who are having problems with debt, contact the Leeds University Union Advice at Leeds University Union. The Union can also provide help with budgeting, loans, grants and fees.
Download a staff guide to the Leeds Hardship Fund, which includes advice on when to make referrals.
The Leeds Hardship Fund section on the student site has further information for students, including who can apply and how decisions are made. 
REDUCED FEES AND RETURNERS
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
 
If a taught student needs their fee reducing this must be calculated manually. Schools must notify the Student Fees team for this to happen.
Banner will charge 100% of the fee for the academic session by default. If the student shouldn’t be paying the full tuition fee a manual reduction is required. You can request waivers by Form 21 and reductions using a Form R. A Form Z can be used to cancel a fee if it is paid for by block-funding.
It is the responsibility of the School/Faculty to identify when a reduction is required, Student Fees will not prompt you to submit a form. Student Fees are happy to provide guidance - please email UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk or call ext. 36700 for support.
Processes may change, refer to this page or the Student Fees team before completing your form or informing a student of the process.
FA1 FORM – COVERING FEES (FEE WAIVERS)
An FA1 form is used when the required tuition fee is charged but all or part of the tuition fee is paid from a University account. SAP account details need to be provided to with sufficient funds to cover the tuition fees. An FA1 should be used in the following circumstances:
Reduce/waive fees due to an appeal, complaint, mitigating circumstances This may be a decision taken by the School or by the central Student Cases team. In either case, a reduction in tuition fees needs to be covered from a SAP account. When completing the FA1 form you must use GL code 56042 for Fee Waivers.
Scholarship or bursary If a student is receiving a tuition fee scholarship or bursary the SAP account details must be provided.
More information about completing an FA1 form can be found our page Tuition Fee Scholarships and awards. 
FORM R – REDUCING FEES
Download the Form R  UG template or PG template
A Form R is used to reduce the tuition fee charged. When a fee is reduced using a Form R financial support, HESA data and funding to Schools will be affected. Fee reductions cannot be reversed.
 RE-SITTING INTERNALLY OR RETURNING FROM TEMPORARY LEAVE
Students can be allowed to resit their studies internally or return from temporary leave part-way through a year. Students must be charged for the time that they are studying. The charging principles vary to reflect student funding eligibility.
Undergraduate Home/EU UG Home/EU students will be charged for the term they will be registering for not the credits they will be taking. This is in line with the Student Finance charging policy (100% for three terms, 75% for term 2 and 3 and 50% for term 3 only).
Undergraduate Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students UG Overseas and all Taught postgraduate students will be charged for the months they are taking or credits they are studying, depending which is cheaper.
Returning students cannot be charged less than the full value of their programme. Reductions and waivers should be provided by Form 21.
One year programmes (eg FT Masters) are not fixed at entry. Students who return in a different session will be charged at the current rate for their programme in the year in which they return.   
REDUCED CREDITS DUE TO ACCREDITATION OF PRIOR LEARNING
Students who have brought with them credits from a previous course are entitled to a reduced fee in line with their offer letter, this can be requested by completing a Form R. If you reduce a fee using Form R, this may have an impact on a student's entitlement to University of Leeds and/or external funding.
You must advise each student to contact the Student Funding team so that they understand the financial impact of registering with reduced fees - funding@leeds.ac.uk
Information for students about tuition fee liability can be found on our student pages: http://students.leeds.ac.uk/info/10210/paying_fees_and_charges/608/tuition_fee_liability
FORM Z – CANCELLING FEES
Download the Form Z template
A Form Z is used to cancel a tuition fee in full. If a fee is cancelled using a Form Z financial support, HESA reporting and funding to Schools will be affected, so a fee can’t subsequently be charged. Multi-lists are accepted.
A Form Z should be only used in the following circumstance:
Externally block funded programmes (eg. LETB, HEEYH) If your students receive funding in blocks from an external source, such as NHS funding via the LETB or HEEYH scheme
AUTHORISATION AND SUBMISSION
Forms should be submitted before registration but after the general student record in Banner has been created. Forms received before the student has a Banner record will be rejected.
Faculties or Schools may be requested to cover the cost of maintenance and bursary overpayments caused as a direct result of late Form submission. Form 21, Form R and Form Z must be approved by an authorised signatory. Approval from an authorised signatory by email is recommended, but approval and the correct completed spreadsheet must be in the same email. This supports us when the documents are audited. More information about authorised signatories can be found at http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21710/funding_and_awards/1135/authorised_signatories
Completed and approved form 21's should be sent to form21@leeds.ac.uk and all other completed spreadsheets should be sent by email to either UGfees@leeds.ac.uk or PGfees@leeds.ac.uk. 
UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT TUITION FEES FOR NEW UK/EU STUDENTS 2017/18
In January 2017, the Government approved legislation to allow universities to lift the maximum tuition fee. The FAQs below give further information on the change as it will be applied at the University of Leeds.   
Please note this information is correct as at 12th June 2017, but may be subject to amendment.
WHY IS THE UNIVERSITY CHANGING ITS UNDERGRADUATE FEES?
Tuition fees for undergraduate UK/EU students are regulated by the UK Government.
In 2016 the Government introduced the Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF); institutions that achieve TEF awards are able to increase their fees in line with inflation. This means that, for 2017 they can charge fees of up to £9,250.
UK/EU undergraduate tuition fees have remained at £9,000 for the last five years. The Government White Paper, Success as a Knowledge Economy, stated that £9,000 fees are now worth £8,546 in real terms. This represents a 5 per cent reduction in value in real terms and has reduced the higher education sector’s spending power to invest in the provision for students.
This inflationary uplift will therefore allow the University to continue to maintain our excellent student experience and investment in a high-quality learning experience for our students.
BY HOW MUCH WILL UNDERGRADUATE FEES INCREASE FOR 2017/18?
For the majority of UK/EU  undergraduate students starting in September 2017 the fee for the 2017/18 academic year is £9,250. The fee is likely to increase in future years of the course in line with inflation, as permitted by law. For example, the increase of 2.8% for 2017/18 was based on the government’s forecast for the RPI-X measure of inflation.
Fees charged for part-time courses starting in 2017 will be a proportion of the full time course fee pro-rated based on the workload of the part time course.
HAVE NEW UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS ENTERING 2017 BEEN INFORMED OF THE FEE CHANGE?
Yes. Those undergraduate students that applied for 2017 entry have been informed that the fee for 2017 will be £9,250 and that the fee may increase each year.
WHO WILL THE UNDERGRADUATE FEE CHANGE AFFECT IN 2017/18? 
The fee change will apply to all new UK/EU undergraduate students (full time and part time) starting in 2017.
Students who commence School of Healthcare programmes in 2017/18 or later will no longer be zero-rated. Therefore, these students will pay a standard tuition fee in line with other undergraduate programmes. Note that students who commence in 2017/18 who deferred from the previous admissions cycle will not be zero-rated and will be required to pay fees in line with the new fee arrangements.
Intercalating students who are taking their main degree at another university or college and coming to Leeds to take an intercalated programme will start on the new fee arrangements for their year of entry to Leeds. 
Note that if a student spends a full academic year on study abroad or work placement, they will continue to pay a reduced fee, currently 15 per cent of the usual programme fee for the academic year (UK/EU students only).
WHICH NEW UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS WILL THE FEE CHANGE NOT AFFECT IN 2017/18?
Deferring Students – UK/EU applicants who applied in 2016, who decided to defer till 2017, will be charged at the 2016 rate, except for applicants for programmes in the School of Healthcare, who will be charged at the 2017 rate, in line with the new fee arrangements. This reflects Government policy changes with respect to the funding of Nursing, Midwifery and Allied Health Professional programmes of study. UK/EU applicants who hold a deferred offer for 2017/18 but then withdraw their application and re-apply will lose their right to keep the 2016/17 fee arrangements. 
Bradford Collaborative Programme - Students on the medicine pathway from Bradford University who enter the University of Leeds in 2017/18 will start on the former (£9,000) fee arrangements. This is in line with the widening participation agreement with Bradford.
HOW WILL THE UNDERGRADUATE FEE CHANGE AFFECT CONTINUING STUDENTS WHO STARTED AT THE UNIVERSITY PRIOR TO 2017?
Existing UK and EU students who started their undergraduate programme prior to 2017/18 will continue on their existing fee arrangement. This is usually £9,000, although there are some students on pre-£9,000 fee arrangements.
Students currently studying zero-rated NHS funded courses within the School of Healthcare will continue to receive NHS funding until the completion of their studies. This includes students who transfer into year 2, who will carry their NHS funding with them.
Students on Foundation Year courses (Lifelong Learning Centre) which automatically progress onto a degree course will not be affected by the fee change. Note this does not apply to International Foundation Year (IFY).
For Integrated Masters degrees, transition from Bachelors to Masters level does not constitute a new course, therefore these students will remain on their existing fee arrangements.
Undergraduate students who are temporary leavers, who suspend their studies, will remain on their existing fee arrangements when they return.
Intercalating students who are studying their main degree and their intercalated programme at Leeds will continue on their existing fee arrangements for their intercalated programme.
Those taking their intercalated programme elsewhere will return to their existing fee arrangements.
Students who repeat a year or who change course will remain on their existing fee arrangements.
Students who successfully complete their course and then re-apply for a subsequent undergraduate degree will be charged the fee arrangements for their year of entry onto the new programme. 
Students who have already started their course at Leeds, then withdraw to re-enter on a different University of Leeds course starting from 2017 onwards, will be charged the fee arrangements for their year of re-entry.
HOW WILL THE FEE CHANGE AFFECT TRANSFERRING STUDENTS?
Students who transfer in to the first year of a course at the University of Leeds, or are admitted directly to a subsequent year of a course, from another university or college will start on the fee arrangements for their year of entry to Leeds (e.g. £9,250 in 2017).
HOW WILL THE FEE CHANGE AFFECT INTERNATIONAL UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS?
This fee increase does not affect overseas fee-paying students. Information on fees for new International students is available on individual course pages www.courses.leeds.ac.uk
HOW WILL THE FEE CHANGE AFFECT STUDENT LOANS FROM THE GOVERNMENT?
The new £9,250 tuition fee level from 2017/18 for UK/EU undergraduates will continue to be covered by a loan from the Student Loan Company (SLC). This is in line with the SLC published repayment terms and conditions.
WILL TUITION FEES RISE FURTHER IN 2018?
The fee for 2018/19 should be confirmed in September 2017 but this is subject to notification of the maximum permitted fee by the UK Government.
HOW WILL “BREXIT” AFFECT FEE CHANGES FOR EU STUDENTS AFTER 2018?
It is not currently known how long the process for Britain to exit the European Union will take or the impact this may have on UK policy on higher education tuition fees, loans and bursaries long term.
However, The UK Government has given clarity that students from other EU countries entering undergraduate courses starting in autumn 2017 or in autumn 2018 will pay the same tuition fees as UK students for the duration of their courses, and can apply for student loans to cover fees.  
For further news and statements from the University about Brexit developments, please refer to https://www.leeds.ac.uk/forstaff/homepage/390/brexit
IF I HAVE FURTHER QUESTIONS, WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE?
If there are further questions on undergraduate fee changes, please contact:
Fees Team fees@leeds.ac.uk
Funding Team funding@leeds.ac.uk 
Students can find information on undergraduate fees for 2017 at 
http://www.leeds.ac.uk/info/128004/fees_and_funding/15/fees. This link will also direct students to information on sources of available funding.
RESEARCH DEGREE-RELATED POLICIES
Certain policies relate specifically to students on research degree programmes or to the management of research degrees.
Certain policies relate specifically to students on research degree programmes or to the management of research degrees.
APPEALS (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
If a candidate for a research degree wishes to appeal against an academic decision, there is a formal procedure to follow.
This procedure applies to research degree candidates registered at the University of Leeds and also at institutions with research degrees accredited by the University of Leeds.  The procedure outlines what a student should do if they want to appeal and explains the actions the University will take in response. 
Appeals must be submitted on a research degree appeal form. 
The procedure and the form are located on the Secretariat website. 
Student cases
Coronavirus continuity arrangements 
Members of the Student Cases Team are currently working from home due to the Coronavirus pandemic but all cases are being processed remotely and online, and all emails will be responded to.  Please be patient: we have limited access to some systems and databases which may have an impact on our response time.  We will however respond to your email as soon as we can.   Due to these arrangements please note that we are currently unable to take incoming calls, but if you would like us to call you to discuss your case please provide a telephone number with your email, and a member of the team will call you back.
If you have a scheduled meeting, this will continue to take place, but online, and we will send you the joining instructions by email.  
The University has its own coronavirus website for news and updates and you are encouraged to access this for general information about your studies: https://coronavirus.leeds.ac.uk/. 
Support & Advice:
For independent advice on a University case procedure you are encouraged to contact LUU Student Advice via e-mail:advice@luu.leeds.ac.uk.  We understand that LUU is continuing to offer support for students for all cases remotely, including, as appropriate, as appropriate, virtual attendance at meetings to support student.
For current information about Student Support and Wellbeing Services please see https://students.leeds.ac.uk/#Support-and-wellbeing.   The Student Cases Team The Secretariat The University of Leeds
The Student Cases team in the Secretariat administers the various University processes and procedures relating to the following matters:
Student complaints
Reporting hate crime, sexual assault and online harassment
Academic appeals (taught and research students)
Fitness to study
Special cases of student progress that fall outside University regulations
Requests from Schools to curtail the opportunities for a student to progress
Allegations of cheating, plagiarism, the submission fraudulent or fabricated coursework and academic malpractice
Student disciplinary cases, both academic and non-academic
Student health and conduct applicable to registrable awards
Aegrotat awards
Posthumous awards
Exceptional extensions to periods of study and temporary leave
We are responsible for the University committees whose work it is to investigate and decide some of the matters set out above. We offer advice and guidance to Schools and individual members of staff on the various processes and related matters. We also give procedural advice to individual students whose case is under consideration.
We provide interpretation of and advice on regulations for taught programmes of study, particularly in the context of complex cases or where special provisions are being requested.
Our overall objective is the fair resolution of cases within the framework of the processes and procedures of the University.
Procedures and policies
Further information on the processes and procedures listed above is accesible by clicking on the links below:
(If the document does not load in your browser, try refreshing the page by clicking the Refresh button or F5.
If you require any of the documents or forms listed below in an alternative, more accessible, format, please contact the Student Cases team - see contact details below. )
1. Student complaints
2. Reports of hate crime, sexual assualt and online harassment
3. Academic appeals against the results of University examinations and assessments (for both taught students and postgraduate researchers) 4. Fitness to study   5. Academic misconduct For taught students: Procedure for investigating cheating, plagiarism, fraudulent or fabricated coursework and malpractice in University examinations and assessments
The standard Declarations of Academic Integrity are available here
A (non-exhaustive) list of examples of malpractice in University assessments is available here
A note on the range of penalties for students who have plagiarised in a University assessment or have submitted fraudulent or fabricated coursework is available here
Appeal forms:
Appeal to the Deputy Vice-Chancellor: Student Education against a decision of the Committee on Applications
Appeal to the Committee on Applications against academic malpractice penalties imposed by Schools
For postgraduate researchers: Procedure for investigating plagiarism in University assessments by postgraduate researchers
6. Disciplinary
General University Disciplinary Regulations
University Residences Disciplinary Regulations
Code of Practice on Student Health and Conduct
Unsatisfactory Work Attendance and Progress Procedure (applicable to taught students only)
A flowchart of the procedure is available here
Referred Students Procedure
A flowchart of the procedure is available here
  
7. The University's policy / statement on the following matters is accesible by clicking on the links below:
Mitigating circumstances guidance
Exclusion from University assessments
Applicants/students with criminal records
Student arrested for a criminal offence - obligation to report
Proof reading
Code of Practice for the use of similarity detection software on electronic submission of text based coursework
General Academic Regulations [Note: The Regulations are unavailable at the moment as they are currently under review]
Back to top of the page
Committees
Further information on the Committees associated with the above processes and procedures are in the process of being updated.
If a student wishes to appeal against marks awarded for taught elements of a research degree programme they should follow the procedure for taught student appeals which is also available on the Secretariat website.
APPOINTING EXAMINERS FOR RESEARCH DEGREES
It is the supervisor's responsibility to recommend both internal and external examiners who meet the eligibility criteria using the examination entry workflow in GRAD
 HOW ARE EXAMINERS NOMINATED?
At least three months before the submission of their thesis, the PGR must enter for examination by completing the examination entry workflow in GRAD. PGRs are advised to start thinking about this process and discuss arrangements with their supervisor well in advance of this deadline as it may take time to find suitable examiners who are available to examine the thesis.
Once the PGR has complete their part of the workflow, the Supervisor will receive a task and email notification through GRAD to complete the nomination for examiners.
PGRs may be asked by their supervisor(s) for their views on individuals who might act as Examiners but the supervisor(s), in consultation with the Director of PGR Studies, is responsible for recommending examiners to be appointed, to the Examinations Group of the Graduate Board. The Examinations Group will then make the final decision about the appointments.
WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO BE AN EXAMINER?
The University has strict criteria for the appointment of examiners , which can be read in full in the criteria for the appointment of examiners. Between them, the proposed team should have a balanced level of seniority and previous research degree examination experience in the UK. If a team of examiners cannot be found with the expected balance of seniority and experience then the University may require the appointment of an independent chair. Please refer to the criteria for the appointment of examiners for further guidance. 
TRAINING FOR INTERNAL EXAMINERS
The internal examiner assures fairness and consistency of the examination by ensuring the University’s procedures, processes and criteria are followed. For this reason the Graduate Board requires all internal examiners to complete an ODPL training course/briefing before acting as Internal Examiner. This includes those new to the role and those who are experienced examiners at other Institutions but are new to Leeds, or have not acted at Leeds in the last 5 years. Two courses are available:
For those new to the role:  
The Role of the Internal Examiner (half day course delivered by academic members of staff who are current or former members of the Examinations Group).
For experienced examiners (but are new to Leeds or  have not acted at Leeds in the last 5 years):  
Update for experienced internal examiners (on-line briefing).
For further information and booking details please see the ODPL website.
HOW MUCH DOES AN EXTERNAL EXAMINER GET PAID?
An external examiner is eligible for a fee which will be paid by the Doctoral College Operations team. All other expenses will be covered by the school.  For further information, please contact the thesis submission and examination team on 0113 343 4003.
ATTENDANCE MONITORING (POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This document includes policy, guidance and examples of good practice in relation to attendance monitoring by staff in schools.
The guidance included in the policy document (PDF) relates to postgraduate research students and also explains the requirements of UK Visas and Immigration for monitoring international students under the Points Based System.
CHANGE OF PROGRAMME: MA BY RESEARCH TO PROVISIONAL PHD (ARTS ONLY)
The document explains the arrangements under which PGRs registered for the degree of MA by Research in the Schools of English, History, LCS and PHRS may be permitted a change of programme to Provisional PhD registration status, before proceeding to an assessment for transfer to PhD.

The Change of programme: Mastership by Research to provisional PhD registration document has more information.
The Postgraduate Research Tutor recommending a change of programme will need to complete the Change of Programme form
The Programmes of Study and Audit Group will consider requests for Mastership by Research candidates registered in other Schools to transfer to Provisional PhD status on an ad hoc basis provided that the request is made early in the candidature allowing sufficient time to prepare for the transfer assessment.
In all cases Tier 4 visa holders should take advice from the International Student Office.  Any Postgraduate Loan payments will cease once the PGR has transferred to Provisional PhD.
CHANGE OF RESEARCH PROJECT
The policy provides guidance for those cases where consideration is being given to a postgraduate researcher (PGR) changing their research project/focus.
The Graduate Board’s Programmes of Study and Audit Group understand that a research project agreed either prior to the commencement of study or with the supervisor(s) at the start of the studies will be developed and refined during the course of its investigation and some changes to the original programme of research and/or project title may be required.
When a change to the research project or change of focus is proposed consideration should be given to the following:
Whether the work already undertaken (for example, induction, generic skills training, literature review) and any assessment for transfer (if this has already taken place) is transferrable to the revised research area/research project;
Whether the PGR will be able progress to meet the deadline for assessment for transfer  to a specific research degree category and/or will remain on course to submit their thesis within the maximum time limit (and preferably by the end of the standard period of study)?
Whether the sponsor needs to be advised of the change to the project and/or if permission must be sought from the sponsor
Whether a new ATAS certificate is required
The stage in the candidature
 MINOR CHANGES OF PROJECT OR FOCUS
Where a change to the research project/focus does occur it is expected that this will be part of the normal development of the project.  The Group expects that any change will be absorbed into the research studies and that it will not impact on the PGR’s ability to meet deadlines, including the transfer deadline and the maximum time limit for the submission of the thesis.  
In such cases it is not necessary to seek permission from the Programmes of Study and Audit Group.  PGRTs should refer to the guidance on thesis title changes  on the SES website.   An amended thesis title should, however, be reported to Postgraduate Research and Operations so that the University records may be updated accordingly.
MAJOR CHANGE OF PROJECT OR FOCUS
In cases when:
a substantial proportion of the work already completed is of no or limited application to the new project, and 
this will lead to the PGR being unable to meet existing deadlines 
the change is post-transfer (careful consideration must be given to whether the work assessed for transfer is still of application to the new direction of research)
There are two possible ways forward:
For the PGR to consider withdrawing from their studies and starting a new research degree candidature (see further advice for Tier 4 Student Visa holders below).
 For the School to seek exceptional permission from PSAG for the change of project and to request  permission to: 
extend the time limit for transfer and/or 
overall date for submission of the thesis.
Requests must be submitted by the Postgraduate Research Tutor to Postgraduate Research and Operations for consideration by the Programmes of Study and Audit Group (or Chair acting on its behalf).  
PSAG will consider extending the time limits for transfer/thesis submission on the grounds of a change to the research project/focus in exceptional cases only (see further advice for Tier 4 Student Visa holders below).
Examples of exceptional cases for a change of research project/focus which require additional time to meet deadlines must be beyond the control of the PGR.  Examples of cases which may be looked at sympathetically by the Group, include:
failure/unavailability of key equipment, unavailability of data
a change to the  supervisory team (for example, following the death, ill-health or resignation of a key member of the supervisory team).   The School must satisfy PSAG that it has taken all reasonable steps to identify alternative supervision arrangements which would not impact on the project and timescales for completion before making the request.  This will include exploring the possibility of identifying an external supervisor
Where a complaint by the PGR has been upheld and led to a change of research project and supervisory team
Where the PGR will incur additional expenses as a consequence of an extension to their studies following a change of project the School must be able to demonstrate that steps have been taken to discuss the likely additional costs that may be incurred with the PGR and that appropriate sources of funding have been identified.  In some cases it may be necessary for the School to provide additional funding when the circumstances are beyond the control of the PGR.
PGRS HOLDING TIER 4 STUDENT VISAS
In the case of an international PGR holding a Tier 4 Student Visa immigration advice must be sought before consideration is given to withdrawing from studies and starting a new research degree candidature.  The University will not normally sponsor a student who has previously started a programme under Tier 4 sponsorship and failed to complete the programme they were sponsored for (for any reason, even if non academic).  This includes students who have had a "false start" or changed their mind about a programme.  Advice should be sought from PGRO Admissions and the International Student Office.
Tier 4 student visa holders should be strongly encouraged to seek immigration advice on the implications to their visa status of an extension of study.
UNDERPERFORMING PGRS
Where a PGR has limitations in one area but is strong in another the research project may be adapted to focus on those strengths.
Supervisors should, however, avoid making changes to a research project to address difficulties encountered by weak and underperforming PGRs when these changes will impact on the PGR’s ability to meet deadlines.  If a serious doubt develops concerning the student’s abilities, the School /Faculty may wish to consider initiating the Unsatisfactory Academic Progress procedure :
PSAG is unlikely to look sympathetically at cases for extensions of study made on this basis.
CLOSE PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH STUDENTS
This policy explains what a member of staff should do if they become involved in a close personal relationship with a student including a research student.
You can find more information about this on the HR Website
Specifically, in the case of research students:
• no research student will be accepted for study under the supervision of a member of staff with whom a close personal relationship exists;
• in a case where a close personal relationship develops between a research student and their supervisor(s) after the commencement of study, the member of staff is required to declare it to their Head of School, who is asked to make alternative supervision arrangements after consultation with the Chair of the Graduate Board. 
Failure to keep the Head of School informed will be regarded as a disciplinary matter. In a case where the Head of School is the supervisor, they are required to declare the relationship to the Chair of the Graduate Board who will make alternative supervision arrangements.
CONCURRENT REGISTRATIONS FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Candidates for research degrees are not normally permitted to register concurrently for two programmes of study at this or another Higher Education Institution.
Exceptions to this regulations are considered by the Programmes and Quality Group (P&Q) on an individual basis. Favourable considerations include:
Where a Postgraduate Researcher PGR is on a programme run by more than one institution eg programmes as part of a Centre for Doctoral Training
Where a PGR is registered on a programme leading to a joint or dual award with another institution
A PGR registering on a part time programme at the University of Leeds or a different institution where the PGR and supervisor are satisfied that there is no duplication of content between the two programmes and that the research degree programme at Leeds can be completed in the stated period of study
P&Q would not normally look favourably upon a request from a PGR, in their overtime period, to register concurrently on two programmes of study.
Where a concurrent registration is agreed any subsequent request for a suspension or extension citing academic or other commitments linked to the other registration will not normally be approved.
The following programmes are exceptions to the rule:
Postgraduate Certificate in Health Research
PGRs registered in the School of Medicine for the degrees of PhD and MD may register for the Postgraduate Certificate in Health Research concurrently with their research degree studies.   This arrangement has been available to part-time PGRs since February 2001 and was extended to full-time PGRs with effect from 2019/20.
Postgraduate Diploma in Health Research
In September 2004 the Group gave approval to a one-off special case for a PGR to be permitted to proceed to Postgraduate Diploma level in Health Research. It was made clear that this had been approved as an individual case and did not set a precedent. If any further PGRs also wished to continue to diploma level a request would need to be made on an individual case by case basis for consideration.
EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT) in Nuclear Fission – Next Generation Nuclear
From session 2014/15 the Group gave approval to PGRs registered on the Next Generation Nuclear 4 year PhD programme to also be registered for a Postgraduate Diploma at the University of Manchester, as part of the CDT. The PG Diploma is not a progression requirement and will not form part of the transfer process, but a separate award to the PhD.
EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT) in Integrated Tribology
From session 2014/15 the Group gave approval to PGRs registered on the Integrated Tribology 4 year PhD programme to also be registered for a Postgraduate Diploma at the University of Sheffield, as part of the CDT. The PG Diploma is not a progression requirement and will not form part of the transfer process, but a separate award to the PhD.
CONSIDERING APPLICATIONS FOR PART-TIME RESEARCH DEGREE STUDY
Part-time study is available for some research degree programmes. Academic requirements for part-time study are identical to those for full-time study.
 Applicants should seek advice from the relevant Faculty/School in advance of making an application. 
1. ELIGIBILITY FOR PART-TIME STUDY
Academic requirements for part-time study are identical to those for full-time study and the same principles of admission apply to part-time entry.
Part-time study is not offered as an option for all research degree programmes and advice should be sought from the relevant Graduate School before making an application.
Where the research degree programme is offered on a part-time basis, applicants will be considered only when the Graduate School is satisfied that the applicant will have access to the necessary facilities for their research on a part-time basis.
2. COMMITMENT TO RESEARCH ACTIVITY
Part-time candidates are expected to work on their research project for periods of time equivalent to 20 hours per week. It is inevitable that their workload will be variable during the course of the year and this should be agreed with their supervisor(s). When approaching a specific deadline such as the submission of a transfer report or thesis additional hours of work will be necessary. 
This expectation should be drawn to the attention of the applicant at an early stage.
3. SUPERVISION MEETINGS
Part-time PGRs are entitled to receive a minimum of six supervision meetings per annum. Whilst the pattern and timing of meetings will vary according to the precise stage of the candidature and between subject areas it is expected that meetings will be held regularly throughout the standard period of study with gaps between meetings of no more than 12 weeks for part-time PGRs.
It is expected that meetings will normally be face-to-face. When PGRs are abroad or at other institutions in the UK formal supervisory contact may take place by other means (e.g. telephone, video conferencing). The standard period of study of a part-time PhD is five years with up to an additional two years' overtime period (if required).
DIRECTORS OF POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDIES
The Directors of Postgraduate Research Studies have a key strategic and operational role within the academic unit.
 DIRECTORS OF POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDIES
The Directors of Postgraduate Research Studies have a key strategic and operational role within the academic unit.
Directors of Postgraduate Research Studies are managed by relevant Heads of School or academic unit and also report to the Heads of Graduate Schools. They will work as a team through the Faculty Graduate School, coordinating with the Head of Graduate School and other Directors to ensure strategy and policy for postgraduate research are implemented effectively.
They contribute to postgraduate strategy and policy, participating in annual planning exercises, and lead on recruitment and studentship matters for PGRs to support school strategic objectives for postgraduate research. 
They are often the first point of contact for academic / pastoral issues raised by postgraduate researchers (PGRs) within their School / academic unit. Where Schools are larger the Director role may be split out into key areas such as admission, on-programme and / or support/well-being
Director of Postgraduate Research Studies role description
DISABLED POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
The University is experienced in supporting disabled Postgraduate Researchers (PGRs). Disability Services, the individual PGR and their academic School work together to remove any barriers a student may face in their studies; including putting in place reasonable adjustments to the transfer and viva process.
 
DSAS can also provide advice and guidance to schools on inclusive practice.
DISABLED STUDENTS’ ALLOWANCES (DSAS)
PGRs can apply to their Research Council or other funding body for DSAs. They may receive equipment or non-medical help through DSAs. Research Council UK DSAs or postgraduate DSAs from other funding bodies may differ from funding or support available at undergraduate level.
PGRs can contact Disability Services or RCUK for more information on the support available.
DISCLOSING DISABILITY
PGRs are encouraged to disclose to ensure they receive the support and reasonable adjustments they may need. PGRs can choose to speak to Disability Services in confidence. If a PGR undertook their undergraduate study at Leeds, Disability Services may have information on file, but they will not know if they returned to undertake postgraduate study unless they disclose on their application form, or at registration, or they are informed separately.
REASONABLE ADJUSTMENTS
Reasonable adjustments can be made to the transfer viva/oral examination so that disabled PGRs are not disadvantaged by the process. The same academic standards for the transfer /award of the particular research degree must be upheld. Academic schools are legally obliged to make reasonable adjustments.
THE TRANSFER AND VIVA PROCESS
Reasonable Adjustments are arranged on a case-by-case basis; in consultation with Disability Services, the individual PGR and their academic School.
Reasonable adjustments may include, for example:
rest breaks 
provision of materials in alternative formats 
adjustments to the room and furniture e.g. light, seating or space 
examiner briefing 
opportunities to present at the beginning or end 
the use of a British Sign Language interpreter 
non-medical helper support 
Further examples of reasonable adjustments to the viva process, and best practice in making an accessible viva, can be found on the Vitae website
DISAGREEMENT BETWEEN RESEARCH DEGREE EXAMINERS
In the exceptional situation when the team examining a research degree cannot reach agreement on the outcome, a procedure has been agreed for resolving the issue.
 
Arrangements will be considered by the Chair of the Examinations Group on a case by case basis in line with the following:
1. In the exceptional circumstances of a failure to reach agreement on the recommendation (within the 24 hour period available) the internal examiner isasked to contact Postgraduate Research and Operations (PGR&O) immediately.
2. In the event that agreement cannot be reached, the examiners must submit separate, independent final reports along with their preliminary report, to PGR&O within 5 working days of the viva.
3. The internal examiner must advise the candidate in writing, within 24 hours of the viva, that the examiners are unable to reach an agreement on the recommendationand that they will be submitting separate final report forms to the University.
4. On receipt of the reports, PGR&O will write to the candidate, Supervisor(s), PGRT and the original team of examiners to outline the next steps in the process. PGR&O will also send both reports to the PGRT for information.
5. Both examiners’ final reports, along with the preliminary reports, will be considered by the Examinations Group at its next meeting. All members will consider the reports.
6. After consideration by the Group, the Faculty Director of Postgraduate Research Studies shall be asked to recommend to the Examinations Group, within a period of 1 month, the appointment of an additional external examiner to adjudicate. They may consult with the PGRT and/or the Supervisors as appropriate.
Examiners are reminded that although the process of notifying the candidate and supervisor of the outcome of the examination will normally take place after the viva it must take place within 24 hours of the viva. This period can be used by the examiners to discuss the recommendation and to endeavour to reach an agreement.
7. It is expected that the individual nominated as the adjudicator will be a senior member of staff of another UK University and a very experienced PGR examiner in the UK. The other eligibility criteria for the appointment of external examiners will apply. A CV must be provided.
8. Once approved by the Examinations Group, PGR&O shall send the adjudicator:
A clean copy of the thesis as submitted for examination.
The separate preliminary and final reports of the original examiners.
The Instructions to Examiners for the relevant degree concerned.
A blank report form template for the degree concerned.
9. The adjudicator will be asked to submit a final report and recommendation to the Examinations Group within a period of 2 months. This will include:
the usual report form for award for the degree concerned; and
a covering letter outlining the reasons for the recommendation reached.
10. The adjudicator may interview the student if they deem it necessary. In such cases a Leeds independent chair might be appointed to attend the meeting and advise on procedures. Such arrangements will be considered by the Chair of the Examinations Group on a case by case basis.
11. A fee of 2 x the standard external examiner’s fee will be paid to the adjudicator by PGR&O. Any expenses will be paid by the School/Faculty.
12. All members of the Examinations Group will consider the report from the adjudicator at its next meeting, alongside the separate reports of the original examiners.
13. The Examinations Group will normally approve the recommendation of the adjudicator (subject to any minor points of clarification under its normal procedures).
14. PGR&O will inform the student, supervisor and PGRT of the outcome. A copy of the adjudicator’s final report will be provided, along with copies of the original team of examiners’ reports.
a. If a recommendation for award of the degree, the candidate will be advised of the next steps to be taken;
b. If an adverse academic decision is reached, the candidate will have the right to appeal under the University’s appeals procedures.
15. PGR&O will write to the original team of examiners to inform them of the recommendation made by the adjudicator and the decision approved by the Examinations Group.
EXAMINERS AND INDEPENDENT CHAIRS - CRITERIA FOR APPOINTMENT (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
The preferred level of experience for a research degree examiner is either experience of supporting a doctoral candidate through to successful completion or previous examination experience. 
 Full eligibility criteria for the appointment of examiners can be found in the Criteria for the appointment of examiners and independent chairs
Separate Criteria for the appointment of examiners (PDF) apply to York St John University. 
The internal examiner should normally:
(i) Be a member of the academic or academic related staff
(ii) Hold a permanent appointment of the University of at least 0.3 FTE
(iii) Have completed any relevant probationary period
(iv) In the last 5 years, have either completed the SDDU course/briefing1 or acted as internal examiner at Leeds
(v) Not have been involved in the supervision of the candidate
The external examiner should normally:
(i) Be a senior member of staff of a university or higher education establishment
(ii) Have prior knowledge and experience of UK research degree examinations and standards through previous UK examination experience
The examiners must normally hold an independent position. Between them, the proposed team should have a balanced level of seniority and previous research degree examination experience in the UK. This does not mean that a recently appointed lecturer, someone early in their career or individuals from overseas or industry cannot be appointed as examiner, but you should partner them with a more senior and experienced examiner who has experience of the UK research degree examination process.
If a team of examiners cannot be found with the expected balance of seniority and experience then the University may require an independent chair (or a second internal examiner) to be appointed to ensure that the examination is conducted fairly and in accordance with University regulations.
Postgraduate Researchers (PGRs) may be asked by supervisors for their views on individuals who might act as Examiners but the decision about the recommendations for appointment will be made in consultation between the supervisors and the Postgraduate Research Tutor.
The final decision about the appointment of Examiners is made by the Examinations Group. On receipt of the completed examination entry form PGR and Operations submits the names of the recommended examiners to the Examinations Group for consideration. The Examinations Group is responsible for the final decision on the appointment of examiners. 
EXTERNAL EXAMINER BRIEFINGS (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This page guides members of staff providing briefings to external examiners who are undertaking their first UK postgraduate research examination
 
This page guides members of staff providing briefings to external examiners who are undertaking their first UK postgraduate research examination
This page is designed to guide you when providing a briefing to an external examiner who will be undertaking their first UK PGR examination. It is not intended as a prescriptive list but suggests areas and topics which might be covered. This is intended to familiarise the Examiner with the requirements of the UK system and the expectations of Leeds and should be a dialogue with the opportunity for questions.
It must be provided by a senior, experienced internal examiner who is independent of the candidature and the examination. It is preferable that this is conducted face-to-face prior to the viva, although phone is acceptable where this is not practicable.
Programme structure
External Examiner is key feature of UK quality assurance processes.
Learning Outcomes for each programme
Examiners are asked to bear in mind that a PhD thesis represents research that may reasonably be expected of a capable and diligent student within the standard period of study
Doctorate award at Leeds: examiners must identify and report on evidence of originality, independent critical ability and matter suitable for publication (peer reviewed publishable quality in the discipline)
Before the viva
Complete a separate, independent preliminary report after evaluating the candidate's thesis. Examiners do not make a recommendation at this stage. Reports are exchanged before viva to help plan format & questions
The viva
Purpose of the viva: to ensure that the work reaches the University standards for the degree
that the work has been written and is understood by the candidate
to place the research in the context of the wider field
Closed viva: only the candidate, the examiners (and the supervisor if agreed) in attendance
Both the internal and external examiners take an equal and active role in the viva
Examiners must not reveal a recommendation to the candidate in advance of the viva
Examiners must reach a joint recommendation after the viva about whether the award of the degree can be recommended, based on their assessment of the written thesis combined with the candidate's performance in the viva
Stated criteria for award of the degree: e.g. doctorate degree - evidence of originality, independent critical ability and matter suitable for publication (peer reviewed quality in the discipline)
Viva is an opportunity to raise questions in areas where examiners are not satisfied with the thesis and encourage the candidate to provide convincing evidence that the criteria for award can be met
After the viva
The candidate must be advised of the examiners’ recommendation within 24 hours
A joint examiners’ report is required following the viva which must indicate the examiners’ recommendation and how the candidate has met (or not) the criteria for the award of the degree. This must provide specific examples from the thesis and viva
Possible recommendations examiners can make (including corrections, referral & MPhil award on PhD). If referral: specific notes for guidance must be prepared. These will be sent to the candidate
Useful links
QAA: Doctoral Degree Characteristics sets out the generic characteristics of a UK doctoral degree and includes comparisons with Europe and elsewhere:
University of Leeds Instructions to Examiners cover the responsibilities and duties of Examiners prior to, during and following the viva plus guidance on completing requisite forms
University of Leeds Examiners’ Preliminary Report Form Templates
University of Leeds Examiners’ Joint Report Form Templates
ORAL EXAMINATIONS - GOOD PRACTICE GUIDELINES
Before the viva the internal examiner should ensure logistic arrangements are in place to make all parties comfortable and to minimise distractions to the examination. Examiners may find the following good-practice guidance helpful in conducting the viva.
 
BEFORE THE VIVA
Before the oral examination the internal examiner is asked to establish whether a supervisor will be present and that this is in accordance with the wishes of the PGR. In cases where a PGR has more than one supervisor, only one supervisor is permitted to attend the oral examination.   
If not present as an observer the supervisor is required to be available for consultation if necessary (ideally in the School but contactable by telephone is acceptable).  
Before the examination the internal examiner should ensure logistical arrangements are in place to make all parties comfortable and to minimise distractions. 
Consider the suitability of the room for the purpose of an oral examination to ensure as few distractions as possible. This should include the environmental conditions (such as lighting and temperature) and noise (e.g. away from building work).
Consider the layout of the room (table, chairs, availability of whiteboard/pens, refreshments etc) and practicalities such as ensuring all mobile phones are switched off and placing a “do not disturb” sign on the door. 
There should be a room where the PGR and supervisor (if attending) can wait during the examiners’ discussions. 
Unless required for the purposes of a presentation/demonstration by the PGR, the use of electronic equipment/devices during the oral examination by PGRs or examiners (or the supervisor or independent chair if in attendance) is not permitted. Recording of the viva by any parties is not permitted.
 
DURING THE VIVA
Aim to put the PGR at ease as far as possible.  
Explain the purpose of the oral examination and go through the format for the examination and how things will work. The examiners share responsibility for questioning the PGR during the oral examination. Invite the PGR into the room and introduce those present and clarify their roles.   
If either the supervisor or an independent chair is in attendance, clearly explain their roles 
Explain the possible recommendations the examiners can make. 
Explain to the PGR that after the oral examination they will be asked to withdraw from the room (along with the supervisor, if present as an observer) whilst the examiners confer on their decision before asking them to return. 
Ask the PGR if they have any questions and advise him/her to seek clarification should any part of the process or the questioning be unclear.  
The PGR should also be told that they may request a break(s) during the examination and that they may consult their copy of the thesis during the examination if it helps them.
Allow the PGR time to collect their thoughts and develop responses to the questions posed by the examiners. Allow the PGR to consult their copy of the thesis (which may be annotated with notes/post-it notes) during the oral examination if it helps them. 
Wherever possible, examiners should pose succinct and focussed questions and avoid asking multi-part questions which are more difficult for the PGR to remember. Instead, where possible, ask one question at a time and use follow-up questions as necessary. Examiners should actively listen to the PGR’s answers. If the PGR gives a poor answer, try to rephrase the question in a different way and give them another opportunity to produce a better response.
Although the oral examination will normally run continuously and be completed within a day, respect any request a PGR may make for a short break. The Examiners or the independent chair (if present) may also wish to suggest a break at appropriate points in the examination.     
In the event of a PGR becoming distressed, examiners are advised to offer the PGR a break in order to compose him/herself before continuing. If a PGR is unable to continue, examiners must contact PGR&O (Examinations section: 34003).  
At the close of the examination ask the PGR if they feel the examination has covered all points they were expecting and give them the opportunity to raise any points in relation to the thesis which they feel were not covered. 
On completing the oral examination, instruct the PGR (and supervisor if attending) to leave the room in order for the examiners to discuss the final recommendation on the basis of the thesis and the viva. Only the examiners (and independent chair if appointed) must be present for this part of the process.
 
AFTER THE VIVA
Invite the PGR (and supervisor if attending) back into the room and inform them of the recommendation.  A single recommendation must be made. Inform the PGR & supervisor that the outcome is subject to confirmation by the Graduate Board. 
The process of notifying the PGR and supervisor of the outcome of the examination should normally take place after the viva. If you are unable to reach a decision at the viva you must do this within 24 hours of the examination and inform the PGR and supervisor.
In the event that a PGR becomes extremely distressed on receiving an adverse academic decision, the examiners are advised to contact the supervisor to provide support to the PGR. If for any reason the supervisor is not available (or appropriate), the Postgraduate Research Tutor should be contacted. Other support services are also available to PGRs at this time: http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21800/student_support.   
Outline the next stages in the process to the PGR, depending on the outcome of the oral examination, including communication of any corrections to the thesis.  
In some circumstances PGRs may appeal against an adverse academic decision.  Details of the procedure governing the consideration of postgraduate researcher appeals can be found at: http://www.leeds.ac.uk/secretariat/student_cases.html. PGRs seeking advice and support in the preparation of an appeal may contact the Student Advice Centre of the Leeds University Union where experienced staff are available to provide guidance: advice@luu.leeds.ac.uk.
PLAGIARISM IN RESEARCH WORK
The University has agreed ways in which suspected plagiarism should be investigated in research degree work with guidance depending on the point at which possible plagiarism is identified.
 For research degree work submitted for assessment before 01.04.2017
The Procedures for investigating plagiarism in research degree work prior to, and within, the submission for a research degree (PDF) explain the actions to be taken following an allegation of plagiarism at each stage of the research degree - in a research proposal, in a transfer report, in non-assessed work or in a thesis.
For research degree work submitted for assessment from 01.04.2017 onwards
The Procedures for investigating plagiarism in University assessments by Postgraduate Researchers (PGRs) (with effect from 01 April 2017) explain the actions to be taken following an allegation of plagiarism in a transfer report, a thesis or annual progress review or work submitted as part of the unsatisfactory academic progress procedure (UAPP).
The Procedures for investigating plagiarism in a research proposal (at the admissions stage) explain the actions to be taken if plagiarism is suspected when processing an application.
For research degrees with taught components, such as the Integrated PhD and Master, the procedures on Cheating, plagiarism, fraudulent or fabricated coursework and malpractice (PDF) apply to the taught elements of the programme.
POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH FORMS
There are a number of forms available for postgraduate researchers and staff to complete tasks in a number of areas.
 
There are a number of forms available for postgraduate researchers and staff to complete tasks in a number of areas.
 



POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS ENGAGED IN TEACHING
This code of practice applies to postgraduate research students registered at the University of Leeds who are engaged in teaching at the University and paid on an hourly rate.
 
Postgraduate research students are a valuable asset to University teaching. Students involved in teaching can gain valuable experience and career development as well as financial benefit.
Decisions on the allocation of available teaching duties will be made in line with good employment practice and in line with our equality policies.  
The Code of practice on postgraduate research students engaged in teaching (PDF) sets out how we will select and appoint students to teach and the training and support that will be provided. 
Further information is available in the Teaching Engagement Framework on the HR website. 
REGULATIONS, CODES, POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Key regulations, learning outcomes, procedure and policy documents that apply to research students at Leeds, mentioned in the Research Student Handbook and Guide for Research Degree Supervisors.
 Some of these are specific to research degree candidates, others apply to both taught and research students, and some apply to research students in their role as staff members and active researchers.

FORMAL REGULATIONS AND CODES OF PRACTICE
Faculty protocols for the implementation of the CoP for Research Degree Candidatures 
Ordinances and Regulations and Programmes of Study for research degrees and higher doctorates
Intellectual property rights
Student contract
University General Academic Regulations 
Data Protection
Code of Practice for Postgraduate Research Students Engaged in Teaching 
ROGRESS AND MONITORING
Attendance monitoring – PGR students policy and guidance
Transfer panel guidance
Annual Progress Review (Post-Transfer) Guidelines
Unsatisfactory Academic Progress Procedure Guidelines
Unsatisfactory Academic Progress Procedure Flowchart
Suspensions/Extensions of Study - Policy 
Concurrent registrations 
Students enrolling on taught modules 
Change of Programme: Mastership by Research to Provisional PhD (Faculty of Arts only)
Change of Research Project
Change of mode of study
THESIS SUBMISSION AND EXAMINATION
The Guide to the thesis examination process for students (which includes the thesis format requirements)
Guide for candidates referred for resubmission 
Protocol for the format and presentation of an alternative style of doctoral thesis including published material (for candidates registered in the Faculty of Environment)
Protocol for the format and presentation of an alternative style of doctoral thesis including published material (for candidates registered in the Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences)
Protocol for the format and presentation of an alternative style of doctoral thesis including published material (for candidates registered in the Faculty of Biological Sciences)
Protocol for the format and presentation of an alternative style of doctoral thesis including published material (for candidates registered in the Faculty of Medicine and Health)
Thesis titles
Guidelines on the Use of Solely or Jointly-Authored Publications within a Thesis Submission 
Submission of a thesis in a language other than English (applies only to candidates registered in the School of Languages, Cultures & Societies)
Inclusion of supplementary material within a thesis submission for examination
Policy for the use of video streaming for the viva examination
Criteria for the appointment of examiners and independent chairs
Guide for External Examiner Briefings
External Examiner's fees
Process in the event of a disagreement between examiners
Research Excellence Policy
Suspensions and extensions to correction periods/referral period 
Diploma Supplement and Statement: Guidance and Information
COMPLAINTS, APPEALS AND DISCIPLINARY MATTERS
General University Disciplinary Regulations 
Student complaints procedure
Procedure Governing the Consideration of Appeals submitted by Postgraduate Research Students following Adverse Academic Decisions
Procedures for investigating plagiarism in research degree work prior to and within the submission for a research degree 
Cheating, Plagiarism, Fraudulent or Fabricated Coursework, and Malpractice in university examinations and assessments  (for those programmes with a taught element)
ENGAGING IN RESEARCH 
 
National Researcher Development Framework
Protocol for investigating and resolving allegations of misconduct in academic research
Exploitation and Intellectual Property Rights
Policy on Safeguarding Data  and other information about Information security
Research Ethics – policy, good practice and advice, ethical review forms, training
Research Ethics - training and support from SDDU 
Code of Practice on Data Protection  in particular Data Protection Act 1998 ,  Guidelines for Retention of Personal Data  and Request Form for Access to Personal Data
Policy on Publication
For a comprehensive list of policies relating to research see the Research Support website
FOR SUPERVISORS, PGR TUTORS AND EXAMINERS
Eligibility for Research Degree Supervision 
Criteria for the appointment of examiners and independent chairs
Guide for research degree supervisors 2014-15
STAFF UNDERTAKING PHDS
Arrangements for part-time research degree study at Leeds by members of Leeds University staff
PhD by Published Work (staff only - eligibility criteria apply)
OTHER RELEVANT UNIVERSITY CODES AND POLICIES
Regulations for Use of Library
Conditions for Use of Computer Systems
Use of Electronic Networks and Communications 
Equality and Diversity Policies 
Code of Practice on Harassment, Bullying and Discrimination 
Code of Practice on Whistleblowing 
Students with Criminal Records: Policy Statement
Student Mental Health
Code of Practice on Student Health and Conduct
Reasonable adjustments and support for PGR level assessment/examination
ORDINANCE AND REGULATIONS AND PROGRAMMES OF STUDY FOR RESEARCH DEGREES (ARCHIVE)
Contains the formal regulations and requirements for the University’s research degrees regarding entry requirements, learning outcomes, assessment of progress, time limits for examination and the criteria which must be met before research degrees can be awarded. 
2014-15
2013-14
2012-13
2011-12
RESEARCH DEGREE CANDIDATURES CODE OF PRACTICE
This Code sets out a framework of shared responsibilities between the University, supervisors and candidates with the aim of delivering successful research degree programmes and to inspire all our research students to develop their full potential.
 The Code also outlines the minimum standards students can expect in connection with the supervision of their research degree study.
Code of practice for research degree candidatures (PDF)
For those PGRs registered in the Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Cultures for practice-led research a supplementary protocol is provided which includes details of arrangements specific to practice-led research
Arts, Humanities and Cultures practice-led protocol (PDF)
For those PGRs registered at Leeds Trinity University or York St John University protocols are provided which include details of the arrangements for the implementation of the University’s Code of Practice and Practice-led Protocol 
Leeds Trinity University protocol (PDF)
Leeds Trinity University practice-led protocol (PDF)
York St John University protocol (PDF) 
York St John University practice-led protocol (PDF) 
RESEARCH DEGREE SUPERVISION ELIGIBILITY
The Graduate Board provides criteria for appointing research degree supervisors.
 
RESEARCH DEGREE SUPERVISORS GUIDE
The guide for research degree supervisors provides information to enable supervisors to provide the appropriate level of support to their postgraduate researchers
 
The Guide for research degree supervisors sets out the roles and responsibilities of supervisors, as well as the correct procedures for dealing with all aspects of the research degree process.
This includes selection of subject, induction, ethical and other issues, transfer, monitoring progress, submission, examination and completion. Useful information about Postgraduate Research and Operations is also included and reference is made to relevant regulations, codes, policies and procedures.
Particular attention should be paid to the University Code of Practice for Research Degree Candidatures which underpins all the University’s arrangements and also to the relevant Faculty Protocol for the implementation of the Code of Practice.
In addition supervisors should be aware of the Home Office arrangements for student visas.
The periods of study, progress, assessment and examination arrangements are different for each of the individual research degrees. In some Schools, supervisors may be simultaneously involved in the supervision of PGRs registered for different research degree programmes. In such cases, supervisors must ensur that they make themselves aware of the individual regulations and requirements for each research programme.
RESEARCH EXCELLENCE IN DOCTORAL RESEARCH SUBMISSIONS
Where examiners identify research excellence in doctoral research degree submissions, as defined by the policy, this can be formally recognised by the Examinations Group.
 The Policy on recognising research excellence in doctoral research submissions (PDF) defines research excellence and provides examples from previous examiners' reports. 

SUSPENSIONS AND EXTENSIONS OF STUDY FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS
Where circumstances or events occur which adversely impact on a research student's progress, the University may grant a period of suspension or extension of study. This may also happen during the referral period.
 
For further information on the approach to suspensions and extensions due to Covid-19, please refer to the coronavirus website PGR FAQs. 
In many cases lost time can be made up during the student's candidature but where this is not possible because of the serious, disruptive nature of the situation a period of suspension or extension may be a possible option. For international students, staff should be aware of the possible impact on the student's visa and direct them to seek advice from the International Student Office. There may also be implications in relation to funding bodies.
The Policy and guidance on suspensions and extensions of study for postgraduate research students (PDF) provides definitions of "suspension" and "extension" and the types of circumstances in which a suspension or extension might be approved. For further information on the approach to suspensions and extensions due to Covid-19, please refer to the coronavirus website PGR FAQs. 
Students who wish to request a suspension or extension of their studies should complete a Change Request via GRAD.  
FURTHER INFORMATION
Further information on absences, suspensions and extensions to study is available from the For Students page. For further information on the approach to suspensions and extensions due to Covid-19, please refer to the coronavirus website PGR FAQs. 
THESIS IN A LANGUAGE OTHER THAN ENGLISH
Research degree candidates within the School of Languages, Cultures and Societies may be granted permission to submit theses in a language other than English.
 
Applications to prepare and submit a thesis in a language other than English must be submitted prior to the acceptance of the candidate. An application must demonstrate a clear academic case for the use of a language other than English (for example where the use of the relevant language is more appropriate in the light of the topic proposed and sources used, is likely to lead to the production of research of a higher intellectual quality, and/or will provide better understanding of the research for its target academic audience).  
This opportunity is only available to candidates registered within the School of Languages Cultures and Societies.
The Postgraduate Research Tutor must complete this form for each candidate the School of Languages, Cultures and Societies wishes to recommend to submit a thesis for examination for a research degree in a language other than English. This form should be submitted to Postgraduate Research and Operations together with the recommendation report to accept the PGR for research degree study. 
Approval must also be sought from the Graduate Board’s Programmes of Study and Audit Group to conduct the transfer review in a language other than English. This must be sought at the admission stage or in all circumstances by no later than six months from the date of commencement of a full-time candidature or 12 months from the date of commencement of a part-time candidature.
The Policy on the submission of a thesis in a language other than English (Word) sets out the criteria to be met for permission to be granted for a candidate to submit their thesis is a different language. It also highlights the need to consider examining arrangements.
UNSATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS PROCEDURE (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This procedure applies to postgraduate research students only and will be instigated when the supervisor(s) has concerns about the student's academic progress.
The Unsatisfactory academic progress procedure (PDF) explains the steps that will be taken if a supervisor raises concerns about a student.
RESEARCH DEGREE PROGRAMME DEVELOPMENT
Find out more about the range of research degrees available at the University, how to develop a new programme and the consideration process

NEW PROGRAMMES
The University is able to offer a number of different research degrees alongside that of the 3 Year PhD. The following provides links to the available awards along with the necessary forms for their approval.

PROFESSIONAL DOCTORATE
Professional Doctorates are research degrees specifically designed to meet the needs of practising professionals. Find out more.
 Professional Doctorates are research degrees specifically designed to meet the needs of practising professionals. Find out more.
KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PROFESSIONAL DOCTORATE PROGRAMME
Professional Doctorates are research degrees specifically designed to meet the needs of practicing professionals. Although professional doctorates involve a number of taught modules in the first year of the research degree the majority of the programme involves a research project and the writing of a thesis in the same way as the more traditional PhD. 
The normal duration of a Professional Doctorate is 3 years full time and 5 years part time. If the professional doctorate is designed to meet the needs of a professional body this might lead to a full time programme only.
The professional doctorate will have a specific title that reflects the discipline of the area of research.  It very frequently leads to the creation of a new degree type which has to be approved by Graduate Board and Senate as seen in the current Leeds professional doctorates:
Doctor of Education (EdD)
Doctor of Clinical Psychology (DClinPsychol)
Doctor of Paediatric Dentistry (DPaedDent)
Doctor of Clinical Education (DClinEdD)
PROGRAMME TITLE AND LEARNING OUTCOMES
Professional Doctorates have a distinctive degree title, which can  introduce a new degree type that needs to be approved by Graduate Board and Senate and which will be added to the Ordinances and Regulations
If a new degree type is necessary it is approved  at the same time as the programme
The professional doctorate will have its own set of Learning Outcomes that are approved as part of the programme approval process
THE DESIGN OF THE PROGRAMME
The professional doctorate follows all the usual requirements of a research degree: supervisions from the start of the candidature, research skills training, Training Plans, use of GRAD etc.
The professional doctorate includes a requirement to follow all the usual milestones of a research degree including the Transfer process and Annual progress review and Viva
Professional doctorates include taught elements that include M level PGT modules (level 5)
As a professional doctorate includes taught credit the programme will be externally reviewed as part of the approval process
There are a maximum of credits included in a Professional Doctorate 150 credits or 180 credits
ASSESSMENT AND PROGRESSION POINTS
Modules included in a professional doctorate have a pass mark of 50 and  these must be passed as stipulated in the programme
All taught modules should be completed prior to the Transfer stage unless the module in the post Transfer  period involves a professional Placement that is a requirement for professional practice purposes
As a research degree the final award is based on a supervised research project and viva
The submitted thesis is frequently shorter than the traditional PhD thesis 55,000 - 80,000 words
A Diploma Supplement is provided alongside the Degree Certificate and the modules taken, titles and number of credits, along with the marks awarded will be noted there
QUALITY ASSURANCE
As is the case for all programmes with taught modules the modules will be reviewed and an external examiner will be appointed for the programme. Their role is to comment on the programme as a whole and is designed specifically to be independent of the research thesis component, related thesis submission and examination process
PRIOR LEARNING AS APEL AT ADMISSIONS
As professional doctorates include taught modules the University’s policy on APEL should be considered and the programme team must set down how APEL will be addressed when the programme is submitted for approval. This ensures that the policy to be applied is clear and can be made available to applicants at the admissions stage.
Please note: APEL applies only to taught credit - it does not apply to the research components at any stage.
Downloads:
Professional Doctorate New programme proposal Part A
Programme Structure and Content of the Professional Doctorate Programme Part B
Guidance on programme approval
INTEGRATED PHD
The Integrated PhD involves a combination of taught specialist modules, training and skills courses, and research study.
 The Integrated PhD involves a combination of taught specialist modules, training and skills courses, and research study.
KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF THE INTEGRATED PHD
The Integrated PhD involves a combination of taught specialist modules, training and skills courses, and research study. This allows Postgraduate Researchers (PGRs) to broaden and deepen subject knowledge and to extend their expertise in new directions.
The integrated Degree of PhD and Masters is a four year full-time programme where PGRs study a combination of taught modules (split across Years 1 and 2) and produce a standard PhD length research thesis by the end of year 4. These are commonly, but not exclusively, part of a Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT).
CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF INTEGRATED PHD DURING THE PLANNING PROCESS:
This is a 4 year degree programme that integrates the Masters programme with a PhD with a single point of entry September/October
The integrated PhD results in a single degree: Integrated Degree of PhD and (named title) and the PGR receives just the one certificate of that title
The Masters programme can be awarded as a Pass, with Merit or Distinction (this is acknowledged on the degree certificate)
The 180 credits of taught masters content is split across the first two years of the 4 year programme
Ideally the credit to complete the masters is less in the second year than in the first to allow the research project to be developed in readiness for the Transfer. There should nevertheless be a workable balance so that the PGR is not overloaded in any of these two years
The PGR still has to complete a First Formal Progress meeting that takes place at the end of year 1 of the 4 year programme
Research activity and research skills training takes place alongside the taught content in years 1 and 2 and related activities such as summer schools and other training events continue during the course of the programme
The taught Masters programme must have been completed before Transfer and this must be Passed as part of the progression requirements for Transfer
The Transfer takes place at the end of year 2 of the 4 year programme
An External Examiner will be appointed to oversee  the taught MSc programme according to the requirements of the rules for award. The requirements for progression and classification of this award will follow the standard requirements for taught programmes.
The Masters programme is not awarded as a separate degree at the end of the second year, but is ‘banked’ at this point and is awarded only as part of the Integrated PhD Award after successful completion of the viva examination in the final year.
If a PGR leaves the programme before the final thesis examination is assessed and provided that they have successfully completed and passed the relevant credit for the taught award then the Masters (MSc) degree or one of its interim awards such as PG Cert or PG Dip could be awarded as an exit award
After the end of year 2, and successful completion of both the MSc and the PhD Transfer, the PhD follows the same pattern as the standard PhD programme with the PGR undertaking an Annual Progress Review at the end of Year 3 and submission of a thesis by the end of year 4
The thesis submitted is of the same length as that for the standard PhD
CREATING A NEW INTEGRATED PHD WITH A COLLABORATIVE PARTNER IN ANOTHER UNIVERSITY? PLEASE DISCUSS THE PROPOSAL WITH DOCTORAL COLLEGE PROGRAMMES AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
For Integrated PhDs that are delivered in collaboration with another university, a collaborative arrangement is entered into and a Collaborative Agreement must be approved along with the programme specification.
Once approved the collaborative arrangement is added to the University’s Collaborative register
In addition, the arrangement may be subject to a separate UKVI Sites and Partnership Arrangement this will be determined at the outline planning approval stage
Downloads:
Integrated PhD: New Doctoral Programme Specification
Taught Postgraduate Programme Proposal form and guidance
Guidance on programme approval 
DISTANCE LEARNING
Find out more the key characteristics of the key characteristics of the distance learning programme.
 Find out more the key characteristics of the key characteristics of the distance learning programme.
KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF THE DISTANCE LEARNING PROGRAMME
The programme is available on a full time and a part time basis
Standard requirements for admissions plus attain a band score of 7.0 in IELTS with no component below 6.5
Discussions with the applicant during the application process must clarify and confirm the means by which supervisions will take place and that suitable facilities are in place to enable this to happen. Specific study, assessment and examination arrangements must also be discussed and confirmed
The assessment criteria and academic milestones of the programme remain the same as a standard full time PhD with study based at Leeds
The attendance requirements at Leeds are based on key milestones of induction, transfer, annual progress monitoring and examination
Supervisions by Skype
PGRs registered on a distance learning research degree will use GRAD to lodge all notes of meetings and for progression milestones
PhD by Distance Learning will be charged at the same fee rate as those based at Leeds
Accommodation, travel and associated expenses for time spent at Leeds must be met by the PGR and this will be clearly stated on the formal offer letter of study
The accompanying Diploma Supplement to the Degree Certificate will indicate that the programme followed the distance learning format
Two Models of Distance Learning available (currently adopted by the Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Cultures):
FULL-TIME DISTANCE LEARNING
The period of study will extend over a standard period of three years with an October start date and the method of study will be full-time. There is normally a minimum requirement for residences at the University of Leeds as follows (all residences at Leeds are for one week):
Year 1: Residence 1 – Induction (October)
Year 1: Residence 2 – Transfer (July)
Year 2: Residence 3 – Annual Progress Review (July)
Year 3: Residence 4 – Either Submission and Viva or Annual Progress Review
Year 4 (overtime): Residence 5 – Submission and Viva
PART-TIME DISTANCE LEARNING (5 YEARS)
Programme Year 1: Residence 1 – Induction (October)
Programme Year 2: Residence 2 – Transfer (July)
Programme Year 3: Residence 3 – Annual Progress Review (July)
Programme Year 4: Residence 4 – Annual Progress Review (July)
Programme Year 5: Residence 5 - Either Submission and Viva or Annual Progress Review (July)
Programme Year 6 (overtime) : Residence 6- Either Submission and Viva or Annual Progress Review (July)
Downloads:
Distance Learning PhD: New Programme Proposal
Guidance on programme approval 
Version 1: January 2019
PRACTICE-LED PHD
It is important to distinguish practice-led applicants from the outset to ensure that candidates (and their supervisors) are aware of the arrangements for practice-led candidatures.
 
KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF PRACTICE-LED AWARDS
The practice-led format is available only for PhD and MPhil research degrees
The practice-led PhD is only offered by the following schools:
School of English
School of Media and Communication
School of Fine Art, History of Art & Cultural Studies
School of Music
School of Performance & Cultural Industries
School of Design
THE CANDIDATURE
The requirements for the award are set down in an approved University Protocol for practice-led research degree candidatures and these are specific to the Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Cultures (AHC)
The Faculty of AHC is responsible for arranging a number of training sessions for practice-led research, which are available to practice-led Postgraduate Researchers (PGRs) 
It is not possible for PGRs who have already passed the transfer on a non-practice-led PhD  to change to a practice-led research degree. 
THE TRANSFER
At transfer stage, the candidate and School are required to clarify that the research project is still defined as practice-led. 
A practice element should be a mandatory submission requirement at transfer assessment, which is indicative of the practice. This could be a contained performance, small installation or concept to demonstrate practice. The PGR must be required to demonstrate the ability to link practice with the written analysis.
It is important to identify at transfer stage if the candidate intends to  include live performance or practice as part of the final submission and, if this will take place prior to submission of the written element, to facilitate arrangements for the early appointment of examiners
In addition to the usual requirements for transfer, a practice-led candidate must set out what he/she expects to include for assessment as the final submission. This must meet the regulations for alternative submissions as set out in the Ordinances. 
THE THESIS/FINAL SUBMISSION AND VIVA
Where it is considered to be part of the final submission, examiners are normally expected to view live practice. However, all practice for assessment must be recorded in an appropriate format as a permanent record (see 4.4 below). 
The ‘Practice-led Research Degree Exam Entry Form’ must be completed and returned to Postgraduate Research and Operations a minimum of 3 months prior to the date of the first live practice
Downloads:
Practice-led PhD protocol: http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/download/138/arts_protocol_practice-led
Practice-led PhD New Programme Specification
Guidance on programme approval
DUAL PHD
Find out what they key characteristics of collaborative dual awards are. 
 KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF COLLABORATIVE DUAL AWARDS
A Dual Award is a research degree delivered jointly in collaboration with another university that not only has degree awarding powers but whose statutes permit dual collaborative research awards
A dual PhD leads to two separate PhD awards: one from Leeds University and the second from the university with which we have the collaborative arrangement
The Degree Certificate will indicate that this is a Dual PhD in collaboration with a second and named university
To obtain both PhD awards, the PGR must successfully complete the programme requirements and meet the learning outcomes for both research degrees from each institution
The standard period of study for a dual research degree award mirrors that for PhD programmes and does not extend beyond 4 years.
After consideration by the Faculty Graduate School Committee, a dual award must be recommended for approval by PGR Programmes and Quality Group a sub-committee and approved by Graduate Board before any arrangements can be put in place to deliver the programme. This includes the making of an offer of a place
If it is mandatory on the part of the collaborating partner to register the forthcoming collaborative arrangement so that this meets local requirements these details must be sought at an early stage and Leeds advised. No offers of a place will be made until any such requirements have been met
There will be a site visit to ensure the availability of appropriate facilities to undertake the research as required and for the duration of the research degree as well as a Due Diligence requirement
Any proposal taken forward must be both financially viable and sustainable not just in year 1 but in subsequent years. This will require discussions with both Faculty Finance and Faculty Marketing both of which will have to contribute to the rationale as to why the programme should be considered for outline planning approval
Discussions on the tuition fee for the programme should be held with International Office who can advise on fees, markets and any local requirements at the outline planning stage
A Collaborative Agreement will be drafted by the University’s Legal Advisor and must be signed by all parties before PGRs are made an offer of a place at Leeds.
A link Academic Tutor will be nominated for the programme to maintain academic oversight
The collaborative arrangement is added to the University’s Collaborative register
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PROGRAMME
Where a provider works in partnership with other organisations, it has in place effective arrangements to ensure that the academic experience is high-quality irrespective of where or how courses are delivered and who delivers them.(QAA core practice for partnerships, 2018)
GENERAL FEATURES
The PGR will spend time at both institutions but must spend 50% of their time at Leeds
The PGR cannot start on a standard PhD and then transfer their candidature to that of a Dual PhD. Changing programme in year 1 to a Dual PhD or joining a Dual PhD programme in year 2, year 3 or year 4 is not permitted The PGR must be registered on the Dual PhD from the beginning of their candidature.
If the programme involves a number of institutions (more than 2) the PGR must spend a minimum of 12 months at Leeds
The attendance requirements at Leeds are based on key milestones of induction, transfer, annual progress monitoring and examination
The location of the PGR each year is set down in an approved programme specification as part of the approvals process
All requirements for Transfer and the final thesis submission and examination will be approved as part of the approvals process and set down at the start of the candidature
ADMISSIONS
Standard requirements for admissions are required and in addition for English language a band score of 6.5 in IELTS is required with no component below 6.0
Research projects will be agreed at the application stage in order that supervisory teams and resources are both agreed and in place at the start of the programme
Decisions on admissions will be made jointly by both institutions and approval must be given by both institutions before an offer of a place can be made
Discussions with the applicant during the application process must clarify and confirm the means by which supervisions will take place and that suitable facilities are in place to enable this to happen
Specific study, assessment and examination arrangements must also be discussed and confirmed during the application process to ensure that expectations are met
The PGR registers at both institutions and at Leeds for the duration of the programme
SUPERVISIONS
There will be joint supervisory team: a supervisor from Leeds University and a supervisor from the partner university
The Leeds supervisor will be the lead supervisor for PGRs registered at Leeds
At least 50% of the meetings should involve the whole supervisory team
Supervisions by Skype are permitted when the PGR is not resident at Leeds.
PGRs registered on a Dual PhD will use GRAD to log all notes of meetings and for progression milestones
The supervisor from each institution will monitor progress to ensure that all requirements from both institutions are met
TRANSFER AND PROGRESSION MILESTONES AND THESIS SUBMISSION AND VIVA
The PGR must meet the requirements for Transfer at Leeds and any equivalent process at the second institution must also be met to continue on both awards
The PGR must meet the requirements of both institutions with respect to the respective thesis submission and examination regulations. This will lead to two examinations following the rules and requirements of each university
The Thesis submission and viva for the Leeds degree will be in English
Whilst the Thesis is to be written in English this can include an abstract in a second language
Downloads:
New programme specification: Dual PhD
Collaborative Provision Approval: Stage 1 Outline Approval
Collaborative Provision Approval: Stage 2 Programme Development and Due Diligence
Guidance on programme approval
Version 1: February 2019
JOINT PHD
A Joint PhD is single PhD degree that is awarded jointly by two or more universities who have collaborated in the design and delivery of a specific doctoral degree that each university has approved though its deliberative structures.
 
KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF COLLABORATIVE JOINT PHD AWARDS
Joint degrees have the additional complexity of having to bring together the partner institutions’ policies, requirements and academic regulations to design the single PhD
CHARACTERISTICS OF JOINT PHD APPROVAL ARRANGEMENTS
This is a research degree that is offered with another university that not only has degree awarding powers but whose statutes permit joint collaborative research degree awards.
This is a single PhD degree that is awarded jointly by two or more universities who have collaborated in the design and delivery of a specific doctoral degree that each university has approved though its deliberative structures.
All universities who deliver this specific PhD do so with the aim of offering a single degree certificate with all universities named. It is jointly delivered, jointly assessed and jointly awarded.
A joint PhD has a single set of agreed regulations that each university agrees to and these are approved specifically by each institution for this programme.
All requirements for Transfer and the final thesis submission and examination will be approved as part of the approvals process and set down at the start of the candidature.
If it is mandatory on the part of the collaborating partner to register the forthcoming collaborative arrangement so that this meets local requirements these details must be sought at an early stage and Leeds advised. No offers of a place will be made until any such requirements have been met.
After consideration by the Faculty Graduate School Committee, a Joint PhD award must be recommended for approval by PGR Programmes and Quality Group and approved by Graduate Board before any arrangements can be put in place to deliver the programme. This includes the making of an offer of a place.
Any proposal taken forward must be both financially viable and sustainable not just in year 1 but in subsequent years. This will require discussions with both Faculty Finance and Faculty Marketing both of which will have to contribute to the rationale as to why the programme should be considered for outline planning approval.
There will be a site visit to ensure the availability of appropriate facilities to undertake the research as required and for the duration of the research degree as well as a Due Diligence requirement.
A Collaborative Agreement will be drafted by the University’s Legal Advisor and must be signed by all parties before PGRs are made an offer of a place at Leeds.
A link Academic Tutor will be nominated for the programme to maintain academic oversight and to support the developments of the programme.
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PROGRAMME
GENERAL FEATURES
The PGR will spend time at both institutions but must spend 50% of their time at Leeds.
The PGR cannot start on a standard PhD and then transfer their candidature to that of a Joint PhD. Changing programme in year 1 to a Joint PhD or joining a joint PhD programme in year 2, year 3 or year 4 is not permitted The PGR must be registered on the Joint PhD from the beginning of their candidature.
If the programme involves a number of institutions (more than 2) the PGR must spend a minimum of 12 months at Leeds.
The attendance requirements at Leeds are based on key milestones of induction, transfer, annual progress monitoring and examination.
There is a jointly agreed project, jointly agreed admissions process, joint supervision and monitoring.
The location of the PGR each year is set down in an approved programme specification as part of the approvals process.
All requirements for Transfer and the final thesis submission and examination will be approved as part of the approvals process and set down at the start of the candidature
ADMISSIONS
Standard requirements for admissions are required and in addition for English language a band score of 6.5 in IELTS is required with no component below 6.0.
Research projects will be agreed at the application stage in order that supervisory teams and resources are both agreed and in place at the start of the programme.
Decisions on admissions will be made jointly by both institutions and approval must be given by both institutions before an offer of a place can be made.
Discussions with the applicant during the application process must clarify and confirm the means by which supervisions will take place and that suitable facilities are in place to enable this to happen.
Specific study, assessment and examination arrangements must also be discussed and confirmed during the application process to ensure that expectations are met.
The PGR registers at both institutions and at Leeds for the duration of the programme.
SUPERVISIONS
Supervisions by Skype are permitted when the PGR is not resident at Leeds.
PGRs registered on a Dual PhD will use GRAD to log all notes of meetings and for progression milestones.
There will be joint supervision with a supervisor from both institutions.
The Leeds supervisor will be the lead supervisor for PGRs registered at Leeds.
At least 50% of the meetings should involve the whole supervisory team.
The supervisor from each institution will monitor progress to ensure that all requirements from both institutions are met.
TRANSFER AND PROGRESSION MILESTONES AND THESIS SUBMISSION AND VIVA
The PGR must meet the requirements for Transfer as set down for the joint award.
The PGR must meet the requirements as set down for the thesis submission and examination regulations for the joint award.
The Thesis submission and viva for the Leeds degree will be in English.
A link Academic Tutor will be nominated for the programme to maintain academic oversight.
The collaborative arrangement is added to the University’s Collaborative register
Downloads:
New Programme Specification: Joint PhD
Collaborative Provision Approval: Stage 1 Outline Approval
Collaborative Provision Approval: Stage 2 Programme Development and Due Diligence
Guidance on programme approval
Version 1: February 201
SPLIT SITE PHD
Find out more about the key characteristics of split site programmes. 
KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF SPLIT SITE PROGRAMMES
There are 2 models of Split site PhD. Model A is full time and Model B follows a part time model.
Whilst other institutions will be involved to some extent in the delivery of the split site research degree, it will lead only to a Leeds PhD.
Standard requirements for admissions apply to split site PhD and applicants must attain a band score of 6.5 in IELTS with no component below 6.0.
Any Split site PhD is a collaborative degree and will require an Agreement to be drafted by the University’s Legal Advisor.
There will be a site visit to ensure the availability of appropriate facilities to undertake the research for the duration of the degree.
There will be a local advisor/supervisor appointed and details of this will be included in the Agreement.
The attendance requirements at Leeds are based on key milestones of induction, transfer, annual progress monitoring and examination.
Specific study, assessment and examination arrangements must be discussed and confirmed at the application stage.
Supervisions by Skype or telephone call are permitted when the PGR is not resident at Leeds. Email exchanges do not meet the requirement for a supervisory meeting.
PGRs registered on a split site research degree will use GRAD to lodge all notes of meetings and for progression milestones.
In cases where a number of PGRs are recruited each year from a named institution a link Academic Tutor will be nominated for the programme to maintain academic oversight.
The collaborative arrangement is added to the University’s Collaborative register
Where a provider works in partnership with other organisations, it has in place effective arrangements to ensure that the academic experience is high-quality irrespective of where or how courses are delivered and who delivers them (QAA core practice for partnerships, 2018)

FEATURES OF MODEL A
Full Time
Cohort based
Intended for PGRs in either a research institute or university
Standard period of study is 3 years
Milestones and progression points mirror those for the standard full time PhD
At least 18 months (50%) of the standard period of study must be spent at Leeds
The first 6 months of year 1 to be spent at Leeds for the induction and introductory training sessions, defining the project ,ethical approval discussions, and relevant research skills training
Transfer takes place at the end of year 1 and must be at Leeds University
12 months in total must be spent at Leeds across years 2 and 3
The Viva and examination of the thesis will take place at Leeds University
FEATURES OF MODEL B
Part time
For individual PGRs rather than for a cohort
Standard period of study is 5 years
Milestones and progression points mirror those for standard part time study
At least 8 months of the standard period of study must be spent at Leeds
The first 2 months of the first year of the candidature to be spent at Leeds for Induction and introductory training sessions, defining the project, preliminary ethical approval discussions, and planning for specific research skills training
The remaining 6 months residence at Leeds to be divided across the remaining 4 years of the standard period of study
Transfer takes place at the end of year 2 and must be at Leeds University
It is suggested that the second 2 months residence is timed to accommodate Transfer and to ensure that sufficient time is built in prior to the Transfer to book on the relevant ODPL training courses on preparation for Transfer
Annual progress reviews continue from year 3 onwards until Thesis submission in year 5
The Viva and examination of the thesis will take place at Leeds University
Downloads:
Split site PhD Model A information
Split site PhD Model A proposal form
Split site PhD Model B information
Split site PhD Model B recommendation form
Guidance on programme approval
Version 1: May 2019
COLLABORATION ON CAMPUS
Collaborative programmes on campus
SPLIT-SITE PHDS
A split-site PhD at the University of Leeds is defined by a PGR spending agreed periods of study in Leeds and other periods of study in a research institute or commercial / industrial organisation. 
A split-site PhD at the University of Leeds is defined by a PGR spending agreed periods of study in Leeds and other periods of study in a research institute or commercial / industrial organisation. 
Model A involving a strategic partnership with a commercial/industrial organisation or an international academic or research institution. These are normally cohort-based and full-time study.
Model B involving individual Postgraduate Researchers (PGRs). These are normally part-time study.
If you are considering any of these arrangements, contact Postgraduate Research and Operations for advice early on to help make the programme development process as smooth as possible.
All split-site models of study require proof a higher level of English language proficiency than the University minimum for research degrees (IELTS 6.5 with no component below 6.0)
MODEL A: STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP WITH A COMMERCIAL/INDUSTRIAL ORGANISATION OR AN INTERNATIONAL ACADEMIC OR RESEARCH INSTITUTION
Provides opportunities for research project collaboration between the University and high quality commercial or industrial organisations with a research component and reputation. The collaboration may lead to further research collaboration between the institutions.
PGRs are jointly supervised by experienced research degree supervisors from Leeds and similarly experienced researchers from the partner organisation.
Model A Information and Guidance
Model A Proposal form
MODEL B: INDIVIDUAL PGRS OF VERY HIGH QUALITY
The PGR is supervised by a research degree supervisor at the University of Leeds and a local adviser is appointed to provide day to day support. The adviser will be from a higher education institution, research institute, commercial or industrial organisation with a significant research component or reputation.
Model B Information and Guidance
Model B Proposal form

SPLIT-SITE MODELS OF STUDY


SPLIT-SITE FEES (ACADEMIC SESSION 2017/18)
Fees are set as a percentage of the UK/EU or international full time fee.

SPLIT-SITE FEES (FROM ACADEMIC SESSION 2018/19)

 
REDUCED TIME AT LEEDS FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Postgraduate researchers may undertake a limited amount of research away from the University, either on approved fieldwork or in approved academic institutions or scientific, clinical or industrial locations.
This could apply to postgraduate researchers studying under Marie Curie ITN initiatives, Horizon 2020 or as part of industrial sponsorship. Split-site programmes are considered under a seperate process.
Schools should set out the planned arrangements and make a request to Doctoral College Operations if it is anticipated that this time away will exceed 12 months of the total period of study. Transfer and examination must take place at the University of Leeds. 
The following information should be included:
 
Details of the programme, including any partners involved in the project
Reasons for why the PGR is not able to undertake this research at the University of Leeds 
The locations where the PGR will be studying
A proposed schedule of study, including a month-by-month breakdown of activity to undertaken and in which location
Details of any visits by the supervisor(s) to the proposed location
How the supervision team will continue regular supervision meetings during the PGR's time away from the University
This request will then be considered by the Chair of PGR Programmes and Quality Group. PGRs studying under a Student visa must declare any change of location to Doctoral College Operations  
RESEARCH DEGREE EXAMINATIONS
Information about assessing Postgraduate Researchers including final thesis submission and examination.
Find out about the examination process, from preparing to submit the thesis to publication of pass lists, including explanations of the roles of the examiners and how to make arrangements for the viva.
DISAGREEMENT BETWEEN RESEARCH DEGREE EXAMINERS
In the exceptional situation when the team examining a research degree cannot reach agreement on the outcome, a procedure has been agreed for resolving the issue.
 Arrangements will be considered by the Chair of the Examinations Group on a case by case basis in line with the following:
1. In the exceptional circumstances of a failure to reach agreement on the recommendation (within the 24 hour period available) the internal examiner isasked to contact Postgraduate Research and Operations (PGR&O) immediately.
2. In the event that agreement cannot be reached, the examiners must submit separate, independent final reports along with their preliminary report, to PGR&O within 5 working days of the viva.
3. The internal examiner must advise the candidate in writing, within 24 hours of the viva, that the examiners are unable to reach an agreement on the recommendationand that they will be submitting separate final report forms to the University.
4. On receipt of the reports, PGR&O will write to the candidate, Supervisor(s), PGRT and the original team of examiners to outline the next steps in the process. PGR&O will also send both reports to the PGRT for information.
5. Both examiners’ final reports, along with the preliminary reports, will be considered by the Examinations Group at its next meeting. All members will consider the reports.
6. After consideration by the Group, the Faculty Director of Postgraduate Research Studies shall be asked to recommend to the Examinations Group, within a period of 1 month, the appointment of an additional external examiner to adjudicate. They may consult with the PGRT and/or the Supervisors as appropriate.
Examiners are reminded that although the process of notifying the candidate and supervisor of the outcome of the examination will normally take place after the viva it must take place within 24 hours of the viva. This period can be used by the examiners to discuss the recommendation and to endeavour to reach an agreement.
7. It is expected that the individual nominated as the adjudicator will be a senior member of staff of another UK University and a very experienced PGR examiner in the UK. The other eligibility criteria for the appointment of external examiners will apply. A CV must be provided.
8. Once approved by the Examinations Group, PGR&O shall send the adjudicator:

A clean copy of the thesis as submitted for examination.
The separate preliminary and final reports of the original examiners.
The Instructions to Examiners for the relevant degree concerned.
A blank report form template for the degree concerned.
9. The adjudicator will be asked to submit a final report and recommendation to the Examinations Group within a period of 2 months. This will include:

the usual report form for award for the degree concerned; and
a covering letter outlining the reasons for the recommendation reached.
10. The adjudicator may interview the student if they deem it necessary. In such cases a Leeds independent chair might be appointed to attend the meeting and advise on procedures. Such arrangements will be considered by the Chair of the Examinations Group on a case by case basis.
11. A fee of 2 x the standard external examiner’s fee will be paid to the adjudicator by PGR&O. Any expenses will be paid by the School/Faculty.
12. All members of the Examinations Group will consider the report from the adjudicator at its next meeting, alongside the separate reports of the original examiners.
13. The Examinations Group will normally approve the recommendation of the adjudicator (subject to any minor points of clarification under its normal procedures).
14. PGR&O will inform the student, supervisor and PGRT of the outcome. A copy of the adjudicator’s final report will be provided, along with copies of the original team of examiners’ reports.
a. If a recommendation for award of the degree, the candidate will be advised of the next steps to be taken;
b. If an adverse academic decision is reached, the candidate will have the right to appeal under the University’s appeals procedures.
15. PGR&O will write to the original team of examiners to inform them of the recommendation made by the adjudicator and the decision approved by the Examinations Group.



EXAMINERS AND INDEPENDENT CHAIRS - CRITERIA FOR APPOINTMENT (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
The preferred level of experience for a research degree examiner is either experience of supporting a doctoral candidate through to successful completion or previous examination experience. 
 
Full eligibility criteria for the appointment of examiners can be found in the Criteria for the appointment of examiners and independent chairs
Separate Criteria for the appointment of examiners (PDF) apply to York St John University. 

The internal examiner should normally:
(i) Be a member of the academic or academic related staff
(ii) Hold a permanent appointment of the University of at least 0.3 FTE
(iii) Have completed any relevant probationary period
(iv) In the last 5 years, have either completed the SDDU course/briefing1 or acted as internal examiner at Leeds
(v) Not have been involved in the supervision of the candidate

The external examiner should normally:
(i) Be a senior member of staff of a university or higher education establishment
(ii) Have prior knowledge and experience of UK research degree examinations and standards through previous UK examination experience
The examiners must normally hold an independent position. Between them, the proposed team should have a balanced level of seniority and previous research degree examination experience in the UK. This does not mean that a recently appointed lecturer, someone early in their career or individuals from overseas or industry cannot be appointed as examiner, but you should partner them with a more senior and experienced examiner who has experience of the UK research degree examination process.
If a team of examiners cannot be found with the expected balance of seniority and experience then the University may require an independent chair (or a second internal examiner) to be appointed to ensure that the examination is conducted fairly and in accordance with University regulations.
Postgraduate Researchers (PGRs) may be asked by supervisors for their views on individuals who might act as Examiners but the decision about the recommendations for appointment will be made in consultation between the supervisors and the Postgraduate Research Tutor.
The final decision about the appointment of Examiners is made by the Examinations Group. On receipt of the completed examination entry form PGR and Operations submits the names of the recommended examiners to the Examinations Group for consideration. The Examinations Group is responsible for the final decision on the appointment of examiners. 


EXAMINERS' JOINT REPORT FORMS (POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH)
The appropriate examiners' joint report form should be completed by the examiners at the end of the viva.
 

Scanned/electronic signatures can be accepted for an all video-streaming viva (this is preferred, but email confirmation form all examiners can be accepted in place of this). All sections of the report must be typed using the template provided below. If the recommendation is that the thesis be referred for resubmission the examiners must also prepare notes for guidance and return these with the final report. The notes for guidance must be typed, headed "notes for guidance" and attached to the final examiners' report form.
Please ensure that you answer all questions clearly and fully and include in your responses specific examples from the thesis.  
Once completed, the internal examiner should send the report to the Graduate School within 10 working days of the viva to arrange for review by DoPGRS. The Graduate School will then submit the report to Doctoral College Operations. 

Examiners should use the correct form for the degree being examined.
Preliminary Report
Each examiner needs to complete a preliminary report form before the postgraduate research degree viva. There are separate forms depending on whether it is a first submission or a resubmission. 
Examiners' preliminary report form: first submission
Examiners' preliminary report form: resubmission
If you have any problems or queries with the template please contact the thesis examination section rp_examinations@adm.leeds.ac.uk
Examiner Report
DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY (PHD) (INCLUDING INTEGRATED PHD & MSC)
PhD examiners' report form: first submission
PhD examiners' report form: resubmission
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (EDD) 
EdD examiners' report form: first submission
EdD examiners' report form: resubmission
MASTER OF PHILOSOPHY (MPHIL)
MPhil examiners' report form: first submission
MPhil examiners' report form: resubmission
MASTERS BY RESEARCH (MA, MSC, MSC ENG, MED)
Masterships by research examiners' form: first submission
Masterships by research examiners' form: resubmission
DOCTOR OF PAEDIATRIC DENTISTRY (DPAEDDENT)
DPaedDent: first submission
DPaedDent: resubmission
DOCTOR OF MEDICINE (MD)
MD examiners' report form: first submission
MD examiners' report form: resubmission
DOCTOR OF CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGY (DCLINPSYCHOL)
DClinPsychol examiners' report form: first submission
DClinPsychol examiners' report form: resubmission


EXTERNAL EXAMINER BRIEFINGS (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This page guides members of staff providing briefings to external examiners who are undertaking their first UK postgraduate research examination
 
This page is designed to guide you when providing a briefing to an external examiner who will be undertaking their first UK PGR examination. It is not intended as a prescriptive list but suggests areas and topics which might be covered. This is intended to familiarise the Examiner with the requirements of the UK system and the expectations of Leeds and should be a dialogue with the opportunity for questions.
It must be provided by a senior, experienced internal examiner who is independent of the candidature and the examination. It is preferable that this is conducted face-to-face prior to the viva, although phone is acceptable where this is not practicable.
Programme structure

External Examiner is key feature of UK quality assurance processes.
Learning Outcomes for each programme
Examiners are asked to bear in mind that a PhD thesis represents research that may reasonably be expected of a capable and diligent student within the standard period of study
Doctorate award at Leeds: examiners must identify and report on evidence of originality, independent critical ability and matter suitable for publication (peer reviewed publishable quality in the discipline)

Before the viva

Complete a separate, independent preliminary report after evaluating the candidate's thesis. Examiners do not make a recommendation at this stage. Reports are exchanged before viva to help plan format & questions

The viva

Purpose of the viva: to ensure that the work reaches the University standards for the degree
that the work has been written and is understood by the candidate
to place the research in the context of the wider field
Closed viva: only the candidate, the examiners (and the supervisor if agreed) in attendance
Both the internal and external examiners take an equal and active role in the viva
Examiners must not reveal a recommendation to the candidate in advance of the viva
Examiners must reach a joint recommendation after the viva about whether the award of the degree can be recommended, based on their assessment of the written thesis combined with the candidate's performance in the viva
Stated criteria for award of the degree: e.g. doctorate degree - evidence of originality, independent critical ability and matter suitable for publication (peer reviewed quality in the discipline)
Viva is an opportunity to raise questions in areas where examiners are not satisfied with the thesis and encourage the candidate to provide convincing evidence that the criteria for award can be met

After the viva

The candidate must be advised of the examiners’ recommendation within 24 hours
A joint examiners’ report is required following the viva which must indicate the examiners’ recommendation and how the candidate has met (or not) the criteria for the award of the degree. This must provide specific examples from the thesis and viva
Possible recommendations examiners can make (including corrections, referral & MPhil award on PhD). If referral: specific notes for guidance must be prepared. These will be sent to the candidate


Useful links
QAA: Doctoral Degree Characteristics sets out the generic characteristics of a UK doctoral degree and includes comparisons with Europe and elsewhere:
University of Leeds Instructions to Examiners cover the responsibilities and duties of Examiners prior to, during and following the viva plus guidance on completing requisite forms
University of Leeds Examiners’ Preliminary Report Form Templates
University of Leeds Examiners’ Joint Report Form Templates


ORAL EXAMINATIONS - GOOD PRACTICE GUIDELINES
Before the viva the internal examiner should ensure logistic arrangements are in place to make all parties comfortable and to minimise distractions to the examination. Examiners may find the following good-practice guidance helpful in conducting the viva.
 
BEFORE THE VIVA
Before the oral examination the internal examiner is asked to establish whether a supervisor will be present and that this is in accordance with the wishes of the PGR. In cases where a PGR has more than one supervisor, only one supervisor is permitted to attend the oral examination.   
If not present as an observer the supervisor is required to be available for consultation if necessary (ideally in the School but contactable by telephone is acceptable).  
Before the examination the internal examiner should ensure logistical arrangements are in place to make all parties comfortable and to minimise distractions. 
Consider the suitability of the room for the purpose of an oral examination to ensure as few distractions as possible. This should include the environmental conditions (such as lighting and temperature) and noise (e.g. away from building work).
Consider the layout of the room (table, chairs, availability of whiteboard/pens, refreshments etc) and practicalities such as ensuring all mobile phones are switched off and placing a “do not disturb” sign on the door. 
There should be a room where the PGR and supervisor (if attending) can wait during the examiners’ discussions. 
Unless required for the purposes of a presentation/demonstration by the PGR, the use of electronic equipment/devices during the oral examination by PGRs or examiners (or the supervisor or independent chair if in attendance) is not permitted. Recording of the viva by any parties is not permitted.
 
DURING THE VIVA
Aim to put the PGR at ease as far as possible.  
Explain the purpose of the oral examination and go through the format for the examination and how things will work. The examiners share responsibility for questioning the PGR during the oral examination. Invite the PGR into the room and introduce those present and clarify their roles.   
If either the supervisor or an independent chair is in attendance, clearly explain their roles 
Explain the possible recommendations the examiners can make. 
Explain to the PGR that after the oral examination they will be asked to withdraw from the room (along with the supervisor, if present as an observer) whilst the examiners confer on their decision before asking them to return. 
Ask the PGR if they have any questions and advise him/her to seek clarification should any part of the process or the questioning be unclear.  
The PGR should also be told that they may request a break(s) during the examination and that they may consult their copy of the thesis during the examination if it helps them.
Allow the PGR time to collect their thoughts and develop responses to the questions posed by the examiners. Allow the PGR to consult their copy of the thesis (which may be annotated with notes/post-it notes) during the oral examination if it helps them. 
Wherever possible, examiners should pose succinct and focussed questions and avoid asking multi-part questions which are more difficult for the PGR to remember. Instead, where possible, ask one question at a time and use follow-up questions as necessary. Examiners should actively listen to the PGR’s answers. If the PGR gives a poor answer, try to rephrase the question in a different way and give them another opportunity to produce a better response.
Although the oral examination will normally run continuously and be completed within a day, respect any request a PGR may make for a short break. The Examiners or the independent chair (if present) may also wish to suggest a break at appropriate points in the examination.     
In the event of a PGR becoming distressed, examiners are advised to offer the PGR a break in order to compose him/herself before continuing. If a PGR is unable to continue, examiners must contact PGR&O (Examinations section: 34003).  
At the close of the examination ask the PGR if they feel the examination has covered all points they were expecting and give them the opportunity to raise any points in relation to the thesis which they feel were not covered. 
On completing the oral examination, instruct the PGR (and supervisor if attending) to leave the room in order for the examiners to discuss the final recommendation on the basis of the thesis and the viva. Only the examiners (and independent chair if appointed) must be present for this part of the process.
 
AFTER THE VIVA
Invite the PGR (and supervisor if attending) back into the room and inform them of the recommendation.  A single recommendation must be made. Inform the PGR & supervisor that the outcome is subject to confirmation by the Graduate Board. 
The process of notifying the PGR and supervisor of the outcome of the examination should normally take place after the viva. If you are unable to reach a decision at the viva you must do this within 24 hours of the examination and inform the PGR and supervisor.
In the event that a PGR becomes extremely distressed on receiving an adverse academic decision, the examiners are advised to contact the supervisor to provide support to the PGR. If for any reason the supervisor is not available (or appropriate), the Postgraduate Research Tutor should be contacted. Other support services are also available to PGRs at this time: http://ses.leeds.ac.uk/info/21800/student_support.   
Outline the next stages in the process to the PGR, depending on the outcome of the oral examination, including communication of any corrections to the thesis.  
In some circumstances PGRs may appeal against an adverse academic decision.  Details of the procedure governing the consideration of postgraduate researcher appeals can be found at: http://www.leeds.ac.uk/secretariat/student_cases.html. PGRs seeking advice and support in the preparation of an appeal may contact the Student Advice Centre of the Leeds University Union where experienced staff are available to provide guidance: advice@luu.leeds.ac.uk.


RESEARCH DEGREE EXAMINERS: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional, programme-specific information is provided to support research degree examiners.
 The instructions to examiners are applicable to all research degree programmes of study. However they should be read in conjunction with the additional supplement which is specific to the research degree under examination and details:

the regulations for the particular research degree under examination
the learning outcomes for the programme of study
the types of recommendation which can be made.
DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY (PHD) 
Information for PhD examiners
Information for practice-led PhD examiners
DOCTOR OF EDUCATION (EDD)
Information for EdD examiners
DOCTOR OF CLINICAL DENTISTRY (DCLINDENT)
Information for DClinDent examiners
DOCTOR OF CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGY (DCLINPSYCHOL)
Information for DClinPsychol examiners
INTEGRATED DEGREE OF PHD AND MASTERS
Information for integrated degree examiners
DOCTOR OF MEDICINE (MD)
Information for MD examiners
MASTER OF PHILOSOPHY (MPHIL)
Information for MPhil examiners
Information for practice-led MPhil examiners
MASTERSHIPS BY RESEARCH (MA, MSC, MSC ENG, MED)
Information for Masterships by research examiners



THESIS IN A LANGUAGE OTHER THAN ENGLISH
Research degree candidates within the School of Languages, Cultures and Societies may be granted permission to submit theses in a language other than English.
Applications to prepare and submit a thesis in a language other than English must be submitted prior to the acceptance of the candidate. An application must demonstrate a clear academic case for the use of a language other than English (for example where the use of the relevant language is more appropriate in the light of the topic proposed and sources used, is likely to lead to the production of research of a higher intellectual quality, and/or will provide better understanding of the research for its target academic audience).  
This opportunity is only available to candidates registered within the School of Languages Cultures and Societies.
The Postgraduate Research Tutor must complete this form for each candidate the School of Languages, Cultures and Societies wishes to recommend to submit a thesis for examination for a research degree in a language other than English. This form should be submitted to Postgraduate Research and Operations together with the recommendation report to accept the PGR for research degree study. 
Approval must also be sought from the Graduate Board’s Programmes of Study and Audit Group to conduct the transfer review in a language other than English. This must be sought at the admission stage or in all circumstances by no later than six months from the date of commencement of a full-time candidature or 12 months from the date of commencement of a part-time candidature.
The Policy on the submission of a thesis in a language other than English (Word) sets out the criteria to be met for permission to be granted for a candidate to submit their thesis is a different language. It also highlights the need to consider examining arrangements.



 
THESIS TITLES (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
The thesis titles document describes considerations when designing a thesis title for different research degrees and the process for getting agreement to a change of thesis title.

Download the Thesis titles document (PDF) for more information.
 
VIDEO CONFERENCING OR SKYPE (OR EQUIVALENT) FOR A VIVA (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, arrangements have been made to allow transfer and final vivas to take place by video streaming. All parties can attend the viva remotely, which can be carried out by video-streaming (normally Teams).

The latest policy was introduced in March 2020, to enable the University to continue to support PGRs through the transfer and final thesis examination process. 
Also provided is a Hints, tips and good practice document, which has been collated from feedback from internal examiners, independent chairs and PGRs who have completed an all-video-streaming viva since March 2020.  This document also includes details of the ODPL training available to Internal Examiners and PGRs for a video-streamed viva.
From January 2021, the requirement for an Independent Chair for an online final viva has been withdrawn, where the examining team is otherwise experienced. An independent chair can still be appointed for an online viva, on request from the examining team, and a Chair will still required by the University under the established (pre- Covid-19) position where it will the internal examiner’s first PGR examination or a second viva on resubmission. A chair will not be required for a transfer viva.
PGRs are advised to contact Disability Services at the earliest opportunity to discuss any reasonable adjustments and/or additional support that may be needed for an online transfer or final viva. Further advice can be found in the document below.
Documents for a video-streamed transfer or final viva
Hints, tips and good practice for video-streaming transfer and final examination
Independent Chair for an online final viva – guidance and form
Reasonable adjustments for PGR assessments
Policy on video streaming for a research degree final oral examination
 
RESEARCH DEGREE ADMISSIONS AND REGISTRATION
Guidance on supporting the application process including English language eligibility requirements, references, academic qualifications and how to support the annual registration process.
 APPLICATIONS FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH DEGREES
Postgraduate researcher (PGR) applicants apply online. Applications are handled by relevant Graduates Schools and offers are made by the Postgraduate Research and Operations

APPLICATIONS FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH DEGREES
Postgraduate researcher (PGR) applicants apply online. Applications are handled by relevant Graduates Schools and offers are made by the Postgraduate Research and Operations
HOW DO APPLICANTS APPLY?
PGR applicants can apply online, where they are able to track their application at each stage of the process.  
Schools may be approached by potential PGR visitors. To be eligible for PGR miscellaneous study the applicant must be studying a research degree elsewhere and visiting the University of Leeds to undertake research toward this degree. 
WHAT MAKES A COMPLETE APPLICATION?
As well as a fully completed application form, the following supporting information is needed before a decision can be made on an application:
degree certificate(s) and academic transcripts
evidence of English language proficiency if required
Either a brief description of the general research area of interest or a research proposal 
two references (as advised by the academic school)
WHAT HAPPENS AFTER APPLICATIONS ARE MADE?
Once an applicant has submitted their application, they receive an automated acknowledgement email. This email will include a reminder of the applicant’s login ID and PIN, which they will need to re-enter the online admission pages to track their application. Once an application has been submitted, the applicant can login and track its progress at any time. 
Once the school has received the application then potential supervisors and other admissions staff will consider it. An interview must also take place.
Once the school has made a decision, Postgraduate Research and Operations will: 
authorise the school's decision 
check the supporting evidence 
issue the offer letter, along with information on how to respond
FEES ASSESSMENT
In some circumstances it is not clear what fee status an applicant should be. In these cases the applicant must complete a fees assessment form, which is considered by PGR & Operations. All fees assessments undertaken by the University of Leeds are in line with UKCISA guidance.

 
CONCURRENT REGISTRATIONS FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Candidates for research degrees are not normally permitted to register concurrently for two programmes of study at this or another Higher Education Institution.

CONCURRENT REGISTRATIONS FOR RESEARCH DEGREE CANDIDATES
Candidates for research degrees are not normally permitted to register concurrently for two programmes of study at this or another Higher Education Institution.
Exceptions to this regulations are considered by the Programmes and Quality Group (P&Q) on an individual basis. Favourable considerations include:
Where a Postgraduate Researcher PGR is on a programme run by more than one institution eg programmes as part of a Centre for Doctoral Training
Where a PGR is registered on a programme leading to a joint or dual award with another institution
A PGR registering on a part time programme at the University of Leeds or a different institution where the PGR and supervisor are satisfied that there is no duplication of content between the two programmes and that the research degree programme at Leeds can be completed in the stated period of study
P&Q would not normally look favourably upon a request from a PGR, in their overtime period, to register concurrently on two programmes of study.
Where a concurrent registration is agreed any subsequent request for a suspension or extension citing academic or other commitments linked to the other registration will not normally be approved.
The following programmes are exceptions to the rule:
Postgraduate Certificate in Health Research
PGRs registered in the School of Medicine for the degrees of PhD and MD may register for the Postgraduate Certificate in Health Research concurrently with their research degree studies.   This arrangement has been available to part-time PGRs since February 2001 and was extended to full-time PGRs with effect from 2019/20.
Postgraduate Diploma in Health Research
In September 2004 the Group gave approval to a one-off special case for a PGR to be permitted to proceed to Postgraduate Diploma level in Health Research. It was made clear that this had been approved as an individual case and did not set a precedent. If any further PGRs also wished to continue to diploma level a request would need to be made on an individual case by case basis for consideration.
EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT) in Nuclear Fission – Next Generation Nuclear
From session 2014/15 the Group gave approval to PGRs registered on the Next Generation Nuclear 4 year PhD programme to also be registered for a Postgraduate Diploma at the University of Manchester, as part of the CDT. The PG Diploma is not a progression requirement and will not form part of the transfer process, but a separate award to the PhD.
EPSRC Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT) in Integrated Tribology
From session 2014/15 the Group gave approval to PGRs registered on the Integrated Tribology 4 year PhD programme to also be registered for a Postgraduate Diploma at the University of Sheffield, as part of the CDT. The PG Diploma is not a progression requirement and will not form part of the transfer process, but a separate award to the PhD.

 
CONDITIONS OF ACCEPTANCE FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHER APPLICANTS
Applicants who have been offered a place subject to the award of a previous qualification must provide evidence of this prior to registration.
 

CONDITIONS OF ACCEPTANCE FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHER APPLICANTS
Applicants who have been offered a place subject to the award of a previous qualification must provide evidence of this prior to registration.
The University requires clear evidence of the award of the qualification, in English. It is the new PGR's responsibility to ensure that the evidence meets our requirements, which are as follows: 
We expect that the evidence be from central registry, central administration or equivalent at the previous university. If the previous university does not award degrees centrally then the new PGR can provide a document from central registry, central administration or equivalent that confirms this, in addition to the qualification evidence from their faculty.
The evidence must clearly state the person's name and this must match the details that we hold on record.
The evidence must clearly state the name of the qualification. If the offer is subject to a specific mark, this must also be clearly stated in the same format as is specified on the offer letter.
If the evidence is not in the form of an official degree certificate or final transcript then we require that the new PGR provides an official letter on university-headed paper, from central registry, central administration or equivalent, confirming all relevant details.
If the previous university cannot provide evidence of the award in English then it is acceptable for the new PGR to provide a translation from an official translation service, but we do require sight of the original certificate or final transcript too. 
If the new PGR has completed a course but not yet received formal notification of the award, evidence that all the required work has been completed must be provided to Postgraduate Research and Operations prior to registration.
This evidence should take the form of a letter and must:
be in English
be issued on university-headed paper
be issued by the school or central administration (including those who have completed a taught master's/previous programme at the University of Leeds)
confirm that all components for the course have been completed
include any provisional results available (not all universities issue provisional results, including the University of Leeds)
state: 'I confirm that this student is highly likely to successfully complete their programme'
be signed or stamped
confirm the date the qualification is due to be awarded
On production of this evidence new PGRs can complete registration subject to providing formal notification within a specified time period (usually three months). The offer of a place to study letter will also state this. Failure to provide this could result in withdrawal.
Please note that it is the new PGR's responsibility to acquire this evidence. Staff in Postgraduate Research and Operations are unable to offer assistance with this during the registration process.


CONSIDERING APPLICATIONS FOR PART-TIME RESEARCH DEGREE STUDY
Part-time study is available for some research degree programmes. Academic requirements for part-time study are identical to those for full-time study.
 
CONSIDERING APPLICATIONS FOR PART-TIME RESEARCH DEGREE STUDY
Part-time study is available for some research degree programmes. Academic requirements for part-time study are identical to those for full-time study.
Applicants should seek advice from the relevant Faculty/School in advance of making an application. 
1. ELIGIBILITY FOR PART-TIME STUDY
Academic requirements for part-time study are identical to those for full-time study and the same principles of admission apply to part-time entry.
Part-time study is not offered as an option for all research degree programmes and advice should be sought from the relevant Graduate School before making an application.
Where the research degree programme is offered on a part-time basis, applicants will be considered only when the Graduate School is satisfied that the applicant will have access to the necessary facilities for their research on a part-time basis.
2. COMMITMENT TO RESEARCH ACTIVITY
Part-time candidates are expected to work on their research project for periods of time equivalent to 20 hours per week. It is inevitable that their workload will be variable during the course of the year and this should be agreed with their supervisor(s). When approaching a specific deadline such as the submission of a transfer report or thesis additional hours of work will be necessary. 
This expectation should be drawn to the attention of the applicant at an early stage.
3. SUPERVISION MEETINGS
Part-time PGRs are entitled to receive a minimum of six supervision meetings per annum. Whilst the pattern and timing of meetings will vary according to the precise stage of the candidature and between subject areas it is expected that meetings will be held regularly throughout the standard period of study with gaps between meetings of no more than 12 weeks for part-time PGRs.
It is expected that meetings will normally be face-to-face. When PGRs are abroad or at other institutions in the UK formal supervisory contact may take place by other means (e.g. telephone, video conferencing). The standard period of study of a part-time PhD is five years with up to an additional two years' overtime period (if required).


ENGLISH LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Postgraduate research students will need an English language qualification at a high level if they wish to study at the University of Leeds. 
 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Postgraduate research students will need an English language qualification at a high level if they wish to study at the University of Leeds. 
The University's standards comply with the QAA Code of Practice for Postgraduate Research Programmes and also meet UKVI English language standards in respect of applying for a student visa. 
STANDARD REQUIREMENTS: IELTS
The minimum English language entry requirement for research postgraduate study is an IELTS of 6.0 overall with at least 5.5 in each component (reading, writing, listening and speaking). IELTS results must be dated within two years of the start date of the course in order to be valid.
FACULTIES, SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMMES WITH A HIGHER ENGLISH LANGUAGE REQUIREMENT
A school or faculty can raise the required minimum level of English above the University minimum but cannot lower it.
A higher level of English of an IELTS at 6.5 overall, with at least 6.0 in each component, is required in the following schools and faculties: 
Faculty of Medicine and Health
Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Cultures
School of Education
School of Food Science and Nutrition
School of Politics and International Studies
School of Sociology and Social Policy
Minimum requirements in other schools and programmes:
Leeds University Business School requires an IELTS of 7.0 overall with at least 6.0 in each component.
The School of Fine Art, History of Art and Cultural Studies requires an IELTS of 6.5 overall with at least 7.0 in writing and at least 6.0 in reading, listening and speaking.
The School of Law requires an IELTS of 7.0 overall with no less than 6.5 in any component.
The Professional Doctorate and the Integrated degree of PhD and MSc in Clinical Dentistry in the Leeds Dental Institute require an IELTS of 7.0 overall with at least 6.5 in each component.
All split-site modes of study require an IELTS of 6.5 overall with at least 6.0 in each component.
ALTERNATIVE QUALIFICATIONS AND FURTHER INFORMATION
The Research Postgraduate Admissions Policy provides information and on minimum standards of English language and other accepted qualifications, approved on a University-wide basis by the Graduate Board. Please contact Doctoral College Admissions if you have any questions that are not covered in the policy. 
APPLICANTS WHO DO NOT MEET THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE REQUIREMENT
If you have a candidate with a strong academic profile who falls just short of the English language entry requirements, they can be given a conditional offer subject to successfully completing a pre-sessional English language course.
In exceptional circumstances, schools may wish to make a special case for an applicant to be accepted despite not meeting the standard English language requirement.
The case must be made on the English language case template and all sections should be completed, including the reason why the applicant cannot meet the standard requirement. 
If the applicant will require a student visa to study in the UK then there is only scope for a case if the applicant has met the English language requirements for their visa application - they must be at CEFR B2, which is an IELTS of 5.5, with at least 5.5 in each component. If the applicant is below this level in any area then the case cannot be considered.
Please see the English language case template for more information.


EXCEPTIONAL CASES FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHER ADMISSIONS
If an applicant does not meet the usual entry requirements, or the school would like special arrangements to be made for the applicant, the school must make a case for the applicant to be accepted.


EXCEPTIONAL CASES FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH ADMISSION
If an applicant does not meet the usual entry requirements, or the school would like special arrangements to be made for the applicant, the school must make a case for the applicant to be accepted.
Cases are considered by the Chair of Programmes of Study and Audit Group.
This is normally a request for an applicant to be admitted without meeting the standard entry requirements, or for an applicant intending to spend more than 12 months of full-time study based away from the University. 
An essential component of any case is the demonstration of the applicant's suitability to undertake their course of study at the required level. We will require evidence to support this, including any assessment made, e.g. interview notes, professional and relevant experience, assessment of their research proposal or any other written work. The school must also demonstrate how the applicant will be supported during their study. All assessments must take place at the University of Leeds. 
Contact PGR & Operations, who will be able to provide guidance if required. 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE CASES 
When an applicant does meet the minimum University English language requirements, a case must be made using the English language case template.
Cases must not be made to avoid taking an English language test, e.g. if the applicant does not have sufficient time to take the test before their proposed start date. 
A case should only be made when there is a reason to believe that the applicant has a level of English that is appropriate for their course of study at the required level. A example is where an applicant has an out-of-date English language qualification but has maintained their use of English.

 
INDUCTION FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
A good induction can help PGRs settle in quickly and begin to make early progress with their research.
 
INDUCTION FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
A good induction can help PGRs settle in quickly and begin to make early progress with their research.
Postgraduate researchers are provided with a PGR handbook which brings together key rules, regulations and guidance which form the framework of the degree. Copies of the handbook are available on the Doctoral College Minerva organisation or from your faculty Graduate School.  
The handbook includes:
the University's Code of practice for research degree candidatures
ordinances and regulations and programmes of study for research degrees which include entry requirements, assessment of progress, time limits for examination and criteria for the award of research degrees
UNIVERSITY WELCOME EVENT
All new postgraduate researchers are encouraged to attend the University welcome event. They are formally welcomed to the University by Professor Luke Windsor, Dean of Postgraduate Research Studies, signposted to key areas of the University, the resources and facilities available.
There is also the opportunity to meet many other new postgraduate researchers.
Students are notified of forthcoming welcome events by email, with an invitation to register online.
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY SCHOOLS AND FACULTIES
Schools should provide students with any local information about the administrative and academic arrangements for undertaking research within that school or faculty. This could include:
information on the specific facilities that are available to PGRs
relevant health and safety advice
opportunities for participating in conferences
information about social and extra-mural activities
You may also provide information about the training that is available through OD&PL.
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENT OFFICE
Find out about a range of international arrival and orientation services that are available to international and EU postgraduate researchers, and to support any other postgraduate researchers arriving from outside of the UK.



MAINTENANCE AWARDS
The Student Funding team, within the Student Education Service, processes student award payments on behalf of their School (for example, as part of a postgraduate maintenance award) or on behalf of a University Service.
 
MAINTENANCE AWARDS
The Student Funding team, within the Student Education Service, processes student award payments on behalf of their School (for example, as part of a postgraduate maintenance award) or on behalf of a University Service.
All awards will need to be submitted on MA1 forms to the MA1@leeds.ac.uk inbox from that point onwards. 
Please note that the Doctoral College administer centrally funded (University) scholarships and awards separately.
FORMS 
MA1 Form– used to authorise either one-off lump sum or regular monthly maintenance payments. Up to 20 student payments can be included on each form.
Maintenance Payment Amendment Form – used to notify the Student Funding team of an amendment to an existing  student maintenance award
GUIDANCE DOCUMENTATION
 
Guidance document – this is a detailed overview of how to complete the forms, where to send them, and how to request an amendment to an award. 
PROCESS OVERVIEW: NOTIFYING FUNDING
 
Individual in the School or Service completes an MA1 form
An Authorised Signatory emails the form directly to MA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
If all necessary information has been provided and sent by an Authorised Signatory, Student Funding will enter the award on the Banner payment system. This will go into the weekly payment cycle matching the requested processing date (or the next available payment cycle if the date has already passed) 
 
Student Funding can only accept the approved version of the MA1 and Payment Amendment forms due to specific formatting requirements (available above). Any old versions of the form cannot be processed and therefore payments will not be made. Any Forms submitted by an unauthorised Signatory cannot be processed.
FORMS: WHAT TO USE AND HOW (THE DOS AND DON'TS)
Please note that the MA1 form uses macros to facilitate some of the built in functionality and it is important that once you have finished using the MA1 form you completely close down Excel before continuing on with other work. If you do not completely close Excel there can be issues with certain action (such as copy and pasting) that occur as a result of the Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) programme continuing to run in the background.
We have aimed to keep complexity to a minimum however, if you have any issues inputting information on a form, please contact Student Funding and we will be happy to provide you with extra information or training.
Please check carefully that the SID and Surname has been entered correctly before sending.   Note, the first name is not required for GDPR compliance.
Please send the completed form directly to MA1@leeds.ac.uk (not cc-ed or bcc-ed).
Please do:
Check that the Cost Object Number quoted is in a valid format
Check that the Student ID number(s) quoted match the student listed
Use a separate form to lessen data input error opportunities where there is an obvious exception to the group of students being paid (e.g. different academic year or different amount) 
Preserve the formatting of the form, especially when pasting in data. The font size must be legible in order for Student Funding to be able to process the payment request.
Remember to indicate in the Override Registration Requirement section on the MA1 form if a payment is required to be processed to a student who does not have a RE/RO registration status (see the Payment Requirements section). This will default to NO as standard.
 
For an amendment to an award that does not result in the student receiving increased money, complete the relevant pro forma Payment Amendment Form. This includes: 
- cancelling an award  - suspending an award pending further instructions - changing the cost object number - reducing the amount of an award - or changing the payment schedule




In order to increase an existing award to a student, please send another form for the extra amount only – not for the new overall award total. The amendment form should be sent from an authorised signatory to MA1@leeds.ac.uk.
 
Check that your Authorised Signatory List is up-to-date.
For single lump sum awards choose a payment date which is a Tuesday.
For multiple instalment awards choose a start date which is the first day of the month and an end date which is the last day of the month.
 
Please do:
 
Not send replacement forms, or forms which supersede previously submitted forms.
Not send a form which span across the start/end date of the payee student’s personal academic year.
Not alter the form from a landscape set up to portrait as this will affect the ability to input data.
Not leave mandatory fields blank.
Not scan the forms and send them as pdf attachments.
Not send reformat or change any part of the MA1 form.
Not re-send forms to MA1@leeds.ac.uk in order to query them. Any forms sent to this e-mail address are liable to be paid, so re-sending forms could result in a duplicate payment being made. Any queries should be sent to funding@leeds.ac.uk
MA1 forms should be used to pay any study-related payment to a registered student at the University including:
Bursaries and Scholarships
Prizes
Reimbursement of study-related expenses
MA1 forms cannot be used for the following:
To reimburse non-study related expenses
The award must not contain any element of payment for work performed by the recipient for or on behalf of the University of Leeds. Awards may only be paid to registered students of the University of Leeds. Payments for work done should be processed by Payroll.
The award must not constitute a refund of an overpayment of accommodation or tuition fee payments made by the student to the University. The student should contact the Fees office directly to discuss the overpayment.
CHANGES TO AWARDS/QUERYING AWARDS
If a payment needs to be altered, please email a completed Pro Forma Payment Amendment Form to MA1@leeds.ac.uk
If you have any queries regarding the processing of a payment, please contact Funding directly for further information.
PAYMENT PROCESSING TIMES
Student payments are processed by BACS (Bankers Automated Clearing System). The payment process is run weekly every Monday/Tuesday by the Student Funding team. and any due payment will clear in the student’s designated bank accounts the following Friday. Forms must reach Funding at MA1@leeds.ac.uk by 4pm on a Thursday to ensure inclusion in the following week’s payment run (unless a payment date further in the future is requested).
Monthly payments are scheduled to be paid in advance, and are due on the 1st of each month. Because internal BACS processing restrictions mean payments can only clear on a Friday. Therefore to avoid disadvantaging students, where the 1st of the month does not fall on a Friday, payments are scheduled to clear the preceding Friday. Christmas, Easter and Bank Holidays may also impact on the exact payment date. 
For budgeting purposes students should always be informed that payments are due on the 1st of each month, and should not be advised of any other dates.
PAYMENT REQUIREMENTS
Student bank account details:
Students receiving an award need to supply their bank account details via the secure University Portal.
Registration status of the student:
Usually the University of Leeds will only process payments to registered students (Banner codes: RE or RO). An award will not be paid via the standard process whenever a student:
hasn't registered (Banner codes: EL, EN, ER, NR, NS)
has withdrawn (Banner codes: WD WA NA)
is under examination (Banner codes: UE) (see note below).
has suspended (Banner codes: CS, SF, SP)
is external (Banner codes EF, EP)
Please be aware that you will need to ensure that you identify on the MA1 form if you wish to pay a student an award where their status is anything other than RE/RO. There is a specific field on the MA1 form for this purpose. If a student’s status changes after you have notified the funding team of an award then payments will be made in these situations if the individual case is agreed via email with a member of Funding, with an authorised signatory copied in.
Where the student is not RE/RO and no extra arrangement is made, overdue instalments remain pending on their file. If the student does later become RE/RO for the academic year of their award, overdue instalments will be processed to reach the bank account as a single sum in the following payment cycle.
Payments over multiple academic years:
To request an award outside the student’s academic year, typically two MA1 forms need to be raised. The first to pay x number of instalments, taking the award to the start of the student’s academic year. The second to pay the balance of the award over the remaining months.
Retention of MA1 Forms
Copies of all MA1 forms should be retained by Schools/Faculties for the statutory retention period. For Research Council funded students a copy of all MA1 forms should be retained by Schools/Faculties for up to 12 months after the grant has closed. MA1 forms will be retained by Funding for two years.
ARGOS REPORT FOR STAFF
An Argos report has been developed for staff, enabling them to determine i) which students have awards set up against a particular cost object number, ii) whether the awards have been paid, and iii) if the awards have not yet been paid, what cause of non-payment is likely to be. Staff can find instructions for using the Argos report here.
CONTACT

For enquiries and extra help or advice please contact Student Funding using the information below:
Student Funding Student Services Centre Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building University of Leeds Leeds LS2 9JT
funding@leeds.ac.uk
0113 3432007
Please send completed forms to MA1@leeds.ac.uk. Please note that this is an automated email address, no message in the body of the email will be picked up. Please use the ‘Departmental Notes’ section of the Form 10/22 if extra information is required to process the payment, or contact Funding directly on the above email address.



POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHER - ADMISSION START DATES/CHANGES OF START DATE
There are a number of factors to consider when choosing initial start dates for applicants. You can also find out the process for change of start date, after a formal offer has been made.

POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHER - ADMISSION START DATES/CHANGES OF START DATE
There are a number of factors to consider when choosing initial start dates for applicants. You can also find out the process for change of start date, after a formal offer has been made.
CHOOSING AN INITIAL START DATE
Schools need to check whether the start date the applicant has requested is feasible. The decision about the start date can be determined by a number of factors such as:
staff availability
visa processing times
ATAS processing times (4-6 weeks) 
if the applicant has already secured funding
scholarship deadlines/regulations
if the applicant has any conditions they will need to fulfil, such as do they have time to sit IELTS etc.
Some programmes have restricted start dates; it is important that the school bears this in mind and ensures that this start date is correct. 
CHANGE OF START DATE
When an applicant decides that they wish to change their start date they must agree this with their school. Once agreed, the school either fills out a change of start date form and sends to Postgraduate Research and Operations (PGRO) via rp_applications@leeds.ac.uk or informs PGRO by email of the new start date - within this email trail should be confirmation by the Postgraduate Research Tutor that they agree to the change. PGRO cannot process verbal requests.
An amended offer letter with the new start date will then be generated and sent out to the student (a copy will be sent to the school).
If the applicant originally applied over two years ago the school should ask the applicant to make a new research study application form and then the school should send a newly completed recommendation report to PGRO.
Some programmes have restricted start dates; it is important that the school bears this in mind and ensures that this start date is correct. 


 
POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS ENROLLING ON TAUGHT MODULES
Postgraduate researchers can participate in taught modules, either with formal enrolment and assessment, or by attending part or all of the module without undergoing assessment,in addition to the research if they are useful for training and are approved by their supervisor(s).
 

POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS ENROLLING ON TAUGHT MODULES
Postgraduate researchers can participate in taught modules, either with formal enrolment and assessment, or by attending part or all of the module without undergoing assessment,in addition to the research if they are useful for training and are approved by their supervisor(s).
STUDYING MODULES WITHOUT ASSESSMENT (AUDITING)
Schools may ask PGRs to attend lectures or seminars which form part of a taught module to gain background knowledge, but may not require them to complete coursework or examination towards assessment of the module. This is called auditing a module.
If this is the case, there is no requirement to return a module enrolment form. It is at the discretion of the parent school to make arrangements for the student to sit in on any lectures and seminars which may be of benefit. 
STUDYING MODULES WITH ASSESSMENT 
Modules are normally taken during the first year of full-time study or the first and second year of part-time study. The  first commitment is to the research project so the PGR should not undertake too much additional work.
There are different processes if the PGR is on an integrated PhD and masters, normally part of a Centre for Doctoral Training (CDT).
If a PGR wants to take a taught module, a research student module enrolment form should be completed and returned to the Postgraduate Research and Operations team. The form should be authorised by both the parent school and the teaching school offering the module. Fees may be charged where modules are formally assessed.
Read the relevant guidelines (DOC).

REFERENCES FOR RESEARCH DEGREE APPLICATIONS
An academic reference is an overview of an applicant, provided by someone known to them, in support of their application for research degree study.
 

REFERENCES FOR RESEARCH DEGREE APPLICATIONS
An academic reference is an overview of an applicant, provided by someone known to them, in support of their application for research degree study.
WHAT IS A REFERENCE?
The academic reference should highlight their academic history, standard of work, potential for research degree study and any other information in support of their application, including communication skills, their ability to work as part of a team or independently, originality of work and analytical skills. 
WHEN SHOULD I COMPLETE THE REFERENCE?
We require two references when considering both the research degree study application and the scholarship application, alongside academic qualifications and supporting statement. Therefore it is important to complete a reference as quickly as possible (normally within two working weeks), and with a sufficient level of detail regarding the applicant. Scholarship competitions often have strict deadlines, and applicants may have a scholarship application automatically rejected if either reference has not been received. It may therefore sometimes be necessary to request that a reference is returned in less than two weeks. 
HOW DO I COMPLETE THE REFERENCE?
Using the template provided for Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences, or Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics please provide as much information as possible against the criteria provided. Provide examples where possible, this could include examples of marks and ranking (where known) and / or quality of written work.
WHAT MAKES A GOOD REFERENCE?
The competitive nature of scholarship funding means that applicants normally have a similar level of academic achievement, therefore it is important to demonstrate additional skills attained during study. Where known it is also an opportunity to note any additional activities in support of their application, such as conference attendance, papers/journals/articles, academic prizes won, mentoring/teaching, involvement in student government / university community, organisation of conferences and meetings, community involvement or civic engagement.
HOW SHOULD I SEND THE REFERENCE?
References should be sent as an email attachment from an institutional or professional email account. Please do not send a reference from a personal email address. 
Hard copy (paper) references can be accepted but must be printed on official letterhead paper, be stamped by the institution / organization of the referee and have a signature in black ink. Paper references can be sent to the School where the applicant wishes to study. As references are an essential part of the scholarship application process please do send paper references well in advance of any provided deadline. 
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AN ACADEMIC REFERENCE AND A PROFESSIONAL REFERENCE?
An academic reference is written by a former/current mentor/supervisor/lecturer addressing the academic potential of an applicant.
A professional reference is the same, but relates to a period of employment rather than education. It may be necessary for an applicant to request professional references if they have completed study more than 6 years before their application for research degree study. 
A professional reference should address the same academic potential criteria, and therefore should be completed by a manager or supervisor. Professional references will not be accepted from colleagues of the applicant. 


RESEARCH DEGREE SUPERVISION ELIGIBILITY
The Graduate Board provides criteria for appointing research degree supervisors.
 
RESEARCH DEGREE SUPERVISION ELIGIBILITY
The Graduate Board provides criteria for appointing research degree supervisors.
A supervision team must meet certain criteria. At least one supervisor in the team must be:
A permanent member of academic staff 
On a contract of more than 0.5FTE
Not on probation
An experienced supervisor (a minimum of three years' experience)
This does not have to be the lead supervisor; it can be any member of the team.
All supervisors should have attended the ODPL course Effective research student supervision or undertaken the online course available for experienced supervisors who are new to Leeds.
If you have an incoming member of staff from another higher education institution who meets the eligibility criteria, email rp_applications@adm.leeds.ac.uk with details of their experience, including:
Supervisor name
School
Start date
Previous institution(s) and dates of employment there
Number of research students awarded, their courses of study (PhD/Masters by Research), their start and end dates and the start and end dates of supervision (if different)
If you have a member of staff (incoming or other) who does not meet the eligibility criteria a case will need to be considered by the Chair of Programmes of Study and Audit Group. 
The full policy can be downloaded here (PDF)
Please contact rp_applications@adm.leeds.ac.uk highlighting which points of the eligibility criteria they do not meet and the reasons for why they should still be considered.



RESEARCH POSTGRADUATE ADMISSIONS POLICY
The PGR admissions policy applies to recruitment and admissions to all our postgraduate research programmes.
 

RESEARCH POSTGRADUATE ADMISSIONS POLICY
The PGR admissions policy applies to recruitment and admissions to all our postgraduate research programmes.
The PGR admissions policy sets out for all interested parties the position of the University of Leeds on key matters relating to recruitment and admission to our postgraduate research courses for all applications received from the 1st September 2020 to 31 August 2021.
The University’s admissions policies are consistent with Chapter B2 and Chapter B11 of the Quality Assurance Agency’s Quality Code and comply with current equality laws affecting the admission of students.


RESEARCH POSTGRADUATE APPLICANTS AWAITING MASTER'S DEGREE RESULTS
UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) regulations require students who have previously studied in the UK on a Tier 4 (General) student visa to demonstrate academic progression if they are going to study a further course in the UK while on a Tier 4 (General) student visa.
 

RESEARCH POSTGRADUATE APPLICANTS AWAITING MASTER'S DEGREE RESULTS
UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) regulations require students who have previously studied in the UK on a Tier 4 (General) student visa to demonstrate academic progression if they are going to study a further course in the UK while on a Tier 4 (General) student visa.
OVERSEAS APPLICANTS WITH AN OCTOBER START DATE AND YET TO BE AWARDED THEIR MASTER'S DEGREE
Applicants due to be awarded their master's degree in December 2018 or January 2019 starting a PhD in October 2018 cannot provide their degree certificate prior to their start date. 
These applicants can instead provide formal written confirmation from their current UK sponsor that based on their performance throughout the course the sponsor (i.e. their current UK university) deems that the student is highly likely to successfully complete their course.   
The new sponsor must then note on the Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) that their offer is based on this formal written confirmation.
In the event that the student does not successfully complete the masters, the new sponsor is required to notify UKVI and withdraw sponsorship of the student. Abuse of the ability to provide formal written formal confirmation, or failing to withdraw sponsorship, may result in compliance action being taken by UKVI.
Master's completion – evidence required
To enable a student to start study in October we require a document that confirms the student is highly likely to successfully complete their current programme of studies. This must conform to the following:
1. Be on University headed paper
2. Be issued by the school or central administration
3. Confirm that the student has completed all the components for the course
4. Include any provisional results
5. Include the following statement: 'I confirm that this student is highly likely to successfully complete their programme.'
6. Be signed and/or stamped
7. Include the date the qualification is due to be awarded 
Postgraduate Research and Operations will need evidence that these new students have been awarded their master's degrees in the December/January following them starting study in October.
English language
It has been agreed that the statement from the current sponsor can also be used to demonstrate that the applicant meets our English language entry requirements. No further evidence is required centrally although the school can request additional evidence if they wish.
The offer letter will be unconditional once PGR & Operations have written confirmation from the school, but it will contain a clause to explain the requirement of evidence of the award at a later stage and that failure to provide this will result in withdrawal from the course.   
If the school requires a certain mark in the master's degree then the start date must be after the result is known. 
Process
Schools must make it clear on the recommendation report that they wish to accept the applicant on the basis of completion of the masters' degree. 
HOME/EU APPLICANTS WITH AN OCTOBER START DATE AND YET TO BE AWARDED THEIR MASTER'S DEGREE
If the school wishes to accept an applicant who does not need a visa to study in the UK for a October start date then the offer will be based on the standard minimum academic entry requirements of at least a British bachelor 2:1 (hons) or equivalent and the completion of the master's degree. 
The school must make an academic judgement that they are happy to accept the applicant bearing in mind the risk of them failing their master's degree. 
Process
Schools must make it clear on the recommendation report that they wish to accept the applicant on the basis of the award of the bachelor's degree + completion of the master's degree. 
Master's completion – evidence required
The evidence (letter or email) should confirm that the student has completed all the components for the course and be sent by the course tutor or administrator directly to rp_applications@adm.leeds.ac.uk.
Postgraduate Research and Operations will not make any checks in November/December. The offer is conditional on completion of the master's, not the award.
If the school requires a certain mark in the master's degree then the start date must be after the result is known. 


TRANSFERS IN - POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
This section applies to postgraduate researchers (PGR) who are currently registered for a research degree at another university and who wish, as a result of their supervisor moving to Leeds, to arrange a transfer to Leeds to continue with their research. 
 
RESEARCH POSTGRADUATE APPLICANTS AWAITING MASTER'S DEGREE RESULTS
UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) regulations require students who have previously studied in the UK on a Tier 4 (General) student visa to demonstrate academic progression if they are going to study a further course in the UK while on a Tier 4 (General) student visa.
OVERSEAS APPLICANTS WITH AN OCTOBER START DATE AND YET TO BE AWARDED THEIR MASTER'S DEGREE
Applicants due to be awarded their master's degree in December 2018 or January 2019 starting a PhD in October 2018 cannot provide their degree certificate prior to their start date. 
These applicants can instead provide formal written confirmation from their current UK sponsor that based on their performance throughout the course the sponsor (i.e. their current UK university) deems that the student is highly likely to successfully complete their course.   
The new sponsor must then note on the Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) that their offer is based on this formal written confirmation.
In the event that the student does not successfully complete the masters, the new sponsor is required to notify UKVI and withdraw sponsorship of the student. Abuse of the ability to provide formal written formal confirmation, or failing to withdraw sponsorship, may result in compliance action being taken by UKVI.
Master's completion – evidence required
To enable a student to start study in October we require a document that confirms the student is highly likely to successfully complete their current programme of studies. This must conform to the following:
1. Be on University headed paper
2. Be issued by the school or central administration
3. Confirm that the student has completed all the components for the course
4. Include any provisional results
5. Include the following statement: 'I confirm that this student is highly likely to successfully complete their programme.'
6. Be signed and/or stamped
7. Include the date the qualification is due to be awarded 
Postgraduate Research and Operations will need evidence that these new students have been awarded their master's degrees in the December/January following them starting study in October.
English language
It has been agreed that the statement from the current sponsor can also be used to demonstrate that the applicant meets our English language entry requirements. No further evidence is required centrally although the school can request additional evidence if they wish.
The offer letter will be unconditional once PGR & Operations have written confirmation from the school, but it will contain a clause to explain the requirement of evidence of the award at a later stage and that failure to provide this will result in withdrawal from the course.   
If the school requires a certain mark in the master's degree then the start date must be after the result is known. 
Process
Schools must make it clear on the recommendation report that they wish to accept the applicant on the basis of completion of the masters' degree. 
HOME/EU APPLICANTS WITH AN OCTOBER START DATE AND YET TO BE AWARDED THEIR MASTER'S DEGREE
If the school wishes to accept an applicant who does not need a visa to study in the UK for a October start date then the offer will be based on the standard minimum academic entry requirements of at least a British bachelor 2:1 (hons) or equivalent and the completion of the master's degree. 
The school must make an academic judgement that they are happy to accept the applicant bearing in mind the risk of them failing their master's degree. 
Process
Schools must make it clear on the recommendation report that they wish to accept the applicant on the basis of the award of the bachelor's degree + completion of the master's degree. 
Master's completion – evidence required
The evidence (letter or email) should confirm that the student has completed all the components for the course and be sent by the course tutor or administrator directly to rp_applications@adm.leeds.ac.uk.
Postgraduate Research and Operations will not make any checks in November/December. The offer is conditional on completion of the master's, not the award.
If the school requires a certain mark in the master's degree then the start date must be after the result is known. 


VISITING POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Schools may be approached by potential PGR visitors. To be eligible for PGR miscellaneous study the applicant must be studying a research degree elsewhere and will be visiting the University of Leeds to undertake research for this degree.


VISITING POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
Schools may be approached by potential PGR visitors. To be eligible for PGR miscellaneous study the applicant must be studying a research degree elsewhere and will be visiting the University of Leeds to undertake research for this degree.
Types of visit
There are varying types of visit to the university that depend on the circumstance of the application. A visitor may also require a specific type of visa in order to enter the UK. Further information is available via Human Resources.
Fees
Unless there is a formal exchange arrangement between the University of Leeds and another university, then it is expected that PGRs visiting for over 1 month should make payment for the use of facilities.
There is a minimum standard annual fee for 12 months of study:
2020/21: £1830
This can be broken down pro-rata as follows:

This minimum fee only covers University overheads; the school will not derive any income from this. Schools can agree to pay on behalf of the visitor using a Form 21.
If the PGR visitor will have a significant consumption of academic resources schools may charge the normal full time international fee. The definition of “significant consumption of academic resource” may be different in various Schools but might in general include some or all of the following:
• a supervisory and advisory load upon a member(s) of the academic staff which is similar to that provided for a research degree candidate
• significant technical assistance and support
• use of laboratory facilities and consumables
• participation in advanced skills and generic training courses offered by the faculty, ODPL or other University providers.
In addition to the academic fee, if the research of the visitor will entail specific identifiable costs for the school a 'bench fee' may be charged but the basis for this in terms of consumables, equipment and other resources should be clearly identified in any correspondence with the student/sponsor and in information for Postgraduate Research and Operations.
Visa arrangements
International visitors will need to comply with immigration rules. These rules are on a country by country basis, to check what the particular requirements are for different combinations of duration and nationality please visit https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa
Schools should be aware that some students registered at EU institutions wishing to visit the UK may be international students and the visa arrangements set out below will apply.
An international student who is coming to the UK to undertake study must normally hold either a Short-Term Study Visa (formerly Student Visitor Visa) or a Tier 4 General Student Visa. If the person already has some other form of visa they should contact the International Student Office for advice before travelling – it may be that if they commence full time study on that visa, they would be in breach of their current visa regulations and not able to apply for a student visa from within the UK.
Student Visitor Letter
Students who need a Short Term Study Visa will need to apply for this with a Student Visitor Letter. This is produced and provided by the school for those international student visitors to Leeds for periods of time of six months or less. A template can be found here. You may include additional details, but do not remove any sections in the template.
UP TO 1 MONTH (INTERNATIONAL AND HOME/EU)
Registration as a student is not required.
When very short visits (of up to one month) take place it is not proposed that individuals should register as students of the University. It is therefore not necessary for them to complete a University application form. However, the applicant must be registered to study at a higher education institution for a research degree level qualification for at least the duration of the visit.
Visa requirements
International student visitors will require a Short-term Study Visa.
This visa status entitles the holder to remain in the UK for a period of up to six months and this CANNOT be extended. No work, paid or unpaid, is permitted.
Where a Short-term Study Visa is issued the University is NOT required to undertake Home Office Tier 4 sponsorship duties e.g. attendance monitoring or reporting on leavers/non registration.
The school will need to produce a Student Visitor Letter if the visitor is international for visa purposes.
Fees
In most cases of this kind, no fee will be due to the University. The school can make their own arrangements to charge a fee if they wish.
An overview of the process can be found here.
1 MONTH - 6 MONTHS (INTERNATIONAL AND HOME/EU)
This guidance covers International applicants visiting for 1-6 months, and Home/EU applicants visiting for any period over 1 month.
These visitors will register as students.
Visa requirements

International student visitors will require a Short-term Study Visa.
This visa status entitles the holder to remain in the UK for a period of up to six months and this CANNOT be extended. No work, paid or unpaid, is permitted.
Where a Short-term Study Visa is issued the University is NOT required to undertake Home Office Tier 4 sponsorship duties, e.g. attendance monitoring or reporting on leavers/non registration.
The school will need to produce a Student Visitor Letter if the visitor is international for visa purposes.
PGRO will produce a formal offer letter.
Fees
Unless there is a formal exchange arrangement between the University of Leeds and another university, then it is expected that students should make payment for the use of facilities.
In some situations a formal reciprocal agreement will be in place with the institution where the student visitor is currently studying. In these cases any fee can be waived if there is an existence of a formal reciprocal agreement. If there is a fee waiver then this should be noted in the conditions box.
PGR & Operations should be advised of the number of months of the visit (including dates) via the Schools Recommendation Report. PGR & Operations will inform the Strategy and Planning Office for Resource Allocation Model purposes.
Process
• Visitors must apply using the online admissions system.
The applicant must be registered to study at a higher education institution for a research degree level qualification for at least the duration of the visit.
• Schools must check and complete the school section of the Schools Recommendation Report. It should then be sent to PGRO.
In the conditions box it should state:
a) the number of months (including dates) that the visitor will be studying for, and
b) what fee is to be charged.
• International applicants studying with a school that comes under the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ATAS scheme will require ATAS clearance and the school must provide PGR & Operations with the relevant 'Initial Proposed Summary of Research Area Letter' alongside the School Recommendation Report.
• PGR & Operations update the Banner record and inform Student Finance (Fees) of the fee details. Student Finance (Fees) will amend Banner. Where a fee is payable it should be noted that the student will not be able to register until this fee is paid in full.
• The University (PGR & Operations) will, assuming no problems with the application, issue an unconditional acceptance letter containing the details of the offer. (If applicable the ATAS statement will also be included with the offer letter.)
• Applicants accept as normal.
• The school will issue their usual communications and instructions to the visitor.
Schools must produce a Student Visitor Letter for International Students to use in a visa application.
• A Registration Report will be produced by PGR & Operations as normal and sent to the school at the point that the person is eligible to register as a student. This report is for information only. If any form 21s are required then they should be sent to the Fees Office before informing the student that they can register.
• The visitor can then register as a miscellaneous research non-degree (non-award bearing) student via the normal on-line registration system route and obtain a student ID card.
An overview of the process can be found here.
+6 MONTHS (INTERNATIONAL)
These visitors will register as students.
Visa requirements
International student visitors will require a Tier 4 General Student Visa.
In order for the applicant to apply for a General Student Visa then the University must issue a CAS to the applicant. This means the applicant must demonstrate that they meet University academic and English language requirements and must be eligible to hold an unconditional offer. They will also need to apply for ATAS clearance if relevant.
PGRO will issue a formal offer letter.
Fees
Unless there is a formal exchange arrangement between the University of Leeds and another university, then it is expected that students should make payment for the use of facilities.
In some situations a formal reciprocal agreement will be in place with the institution where the student visitor is currently studying. In these cases any fee can be waived if there is an existence of a formal reciprocal agreement. If there is a fee waiver then this should be noted in the conditions box
PGR & Operations should be advised of the number of months of the visit (including dates) via the Schools Recommendation Report. PGR & Operations will inform the Strategy and Planning Office for Resource Allocation Model purposes.
Process
• Visitors must apply online.
Applicant must be registered to study at a higher education institution for a research degree level qualification for at least the duration of the visit. Additionally, for a Tier 4 student visas, the applicant must be enrolled on a course that is at least equivalent to the level of a UK bachelor’s degree.
• International applicants requiring a CAS must demonstrate:
1. English language – all Tier 4 sponsors must assess their Tier 4 (General) students’ level of English language competence. This means the applicant must have met the required standards by:
2. Academic evidence – highest awarded qualification to date.
• Schools must check and complete the school section of the Schools Recommendation Report. It should then be sent to PGRO.
In the conditions box it should state:
a) the number of months (including dates) that the visitor will be studying for, and
b) what fee is to be charged.
• International applicants studying with a school that comes under the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ATAS scheme will require ATAS clearance and the school must provide PGR & Operations with the relevant 'Initial Proposed Summary of Research Area Letter' alongside the School Recommendation Report.
• PGR & Operations update the Banner record and inform Student Finance (Fees) of the fee details Student Finance (Fees) will amend Banner. Where a fee is payable it should be noted that the student will not be able to register until this fee is paid in full.
• The University (PGRO) will, assuming no problems with the application, issue an unconditional acceptance letter containing the details of the offer. (If applicable the ATAS statement will also be included with the offer letter.)
• Applicants accept as normal.
• For international students, PGRO need the School Recommendation, evidence of English language, academic evidence and, if relevant, ATAS summary of research area, before an offer can be made/CAS issued. The University does not issue conditional offers to these applicants.
• PGR & Operations will issue a Confirmation of Acceptance for Study (CAS) Statement to the applicant that contains the CAS number, University Sponsor Licence number and details of the fee to be charged where appropriate. This will enable the student to apply for a Tier 4 General Student Visa.
The CAS has a life span of 6 months but can only be used up to 3 months prior to the start date. Therefore PGR & Operations will issue the CAS when appropriate.
• On arrival, individuals must register via the online registration system as miscellaneous non-degree (non-award bearing) students and obtain a student ID card. The University will also need to take a copy of relevant passport and visa information.
An overview of the process can be found here.
Attendance monitoring for international Students
For international students on a Tier 4 visa, the University is required to undertake Tier 4 sponsorship duties. This means the University has responsibility for reporting non-registration, unauthorised non-attendance and apparent leavers and monitoring the attendance of these individuals.
Schools must have arrangements in place for monitoring attendance and for reporting non-attendance to Postgraduate Research and Operations.
Examples of attendance monitoring events at research level are:
• Formal supervision meetings with supervisor
• School activities associated with registration and other routine communication
• Induction and training courses
• Meeting with supervisor to discuss and review any training plan
• ODPL courses and faculty training (including research seminars involving giving presentations)
• Formal review meetings
• Meetings with Postgraduate Research Tutor or other relevant staff
• Attendance at external conference/meetings
• Other events at school level
It is recognised that there are different events and timelines within different schools, reflecting the varying nature of research study. Schools may already have their own practices that relate to these events.
Therefore as a minimum, schools will be required to put the following procedure in place:
i) Supervisors (or other relevant staff) will be required to report to the school/faculty when there has been no contact with individual research students within any 1 month period (unless absence has been authorised for events such as fieldwork, illness, etc.), or where there is a pattern of absences that is affecting the student’s work or causing concerns for the student’s wellbeing.
ii) An investigation should then be carried out within the school that will provide an opportunity for issues to be resolved with the student.
iii) Where issues are not resolved, a full report will be sent by the faculty/school to PGR & Operations indicating that the student should be required to withdraw from the University.
iv) PGR & Operations will carry out any other appropriate enquiries and then, after further review, notify the Home Office of withdrawal.
Holding a degree from a majority English speaking country
Being a national of a majority English language speaking country
Having obtained the relevant standards in IELTS or equivalent (see the English Language booklet). 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Please make sure any websites promoting visiting PGR opportunities reflect the below paragraph:
Schools should be aware that some students registered at EU institutions wishing to visit the UK may be international students and the visa arrangements set out below will apply: An international student who is coming to the UK to undertake study must hold either a Short-Term Study Visa (formerly Student Visitor Visa) or a Tier 4 General Student Visa. If the person already has some other form of visa they should contact the International Student Office for advice before travelling – it may be that if they commence full time study on that visa, they would be in breach of their current visa regulations and not able to apply for a student visa from within the UK.
Partnerships – e.g. Centre for Doctoral Training CDTs
These students will normally either apply online for the specific miscellaneous programme code or we will accept a copy of the application to their main University providing it has the core data we need to create a Banner registration record.
Student visitors wishing to undertake taught studies
These student visitors must contact the appropriate office:
Undergraduate and taught admissions – study@leeds.ac.uk
Language Centre – langc@leeds.ac.uk
Study Abroad – studyabroad@adm.leeds.ac.uk
Visits by international visitors (equivalent to staff status)
Enquiries about the position of international visitors who are not students but have a more senior status may be addressed to HR - Caroline Langham (c.j.langham@adm.leeds.ac.uk).
Immigration routes for international visitors can be seen here.
Further queries
You can find more information on research, study and academic visits on the University of Leeds website. Further questions about postgraduate research student visitors and visa issues may be directed to Postgraduate Research and Operations and the International Student Office respectively.
RESEARCH DEGREE PROGRESS AND MONITORING
Information on suspensions, extensions, annual progress review (APR) and the unsatisfactory academic progress procedure
 
CHANGE OF RESEARCH PROJECT
The policy provides guidance for those cases where consideration is being given to a postgraduate researcher (PGR) changing their research project/focus.

CHANGE OF RESEARCH PROJECT
The policy provides guidance for those cases where consideration is being given to a postgraduate researcher (PGR) changing their research project/focus.
The Graduate Board’s Programmes of Study and Audit Group understand that a research project agreed either prior to the commencement of study or with the supervisor(s) at the start of the studies will be developed and refined during the course of its investigation and some changes to the original programme of research and/or project title may be required.
When a change to the research project or change of focus is proposed consideration should be given to the following:
Whether the work already undertaken (for example, induction, generic skills training, literature review) and any assessment for transfer (if this has already taken place) is transferrable to the revised research area/research project;
Whether the PGR will be able progress to meet the deadline for assessment for transfer  to a specific research degree category and/or will remain on course to submit their thesis within the maximum time limit (and preferably by the end of the standard period of study)?
Whether the sponsor needs to be advised of the change to the project and/or if permission must be sought from the sponsor
Whether a new ATAS certificate is required
The stage in the candidature
 MINOR CHANGES OF PROJECT OR FOCUS
Where a change to the research project/focus does occur it is expected that this will be part of the normal development of the project.  The Group expects that any change will be absorbed into the research studies and that it will not impact on the PGR’s ability to meet deadlines, including the transfer deadline and the maximum time limit for the submission of the thesis.  
In such cases it is not necessary to seek permission from the Programmes of Study and Audit Group.  PGRTs should refer to the guidance on thesis title changes  on the SES website.   An amended thesis title should, however, be reported to Postgraduate Research and Operations so that the University records may be updated accordingly.
MAJOR CHANGE OF PROJECT OR FOCUS
In cases when:
a substantial proportion of the work already completed is of no or limited application to the new project, and 
this will lead to the PGR being unable to meet existing deadlines 
the change is post-transfer (careful consideration must be given to whether the work assessed for transfer is still of application to the new direction of research)
There are two possible ways forward:
For the PGR to consider withdrawing from their studies and starting a new research degree candidature (see further advice for Tier 4 Student Visa holders below).
 For the School to seek exceptional permission from PSAG for the change of project and to request  permission to: 
extend the time limit for transfer and/or 
overall date for submission of the thesis.
Requests must be submitted by the Postgraduate Research Tutor to Postgraduate Research and Operations for consideration by the Programmes of Study and Audit Group (or Chair acting on its behalf).  
PSAG will consider extending the time limits for transfer/thesis submission on the grounds of a change to the research project/focus in exceptional cases only (see further advice for Tier 4 Student Visa holders below).
Examples of exceptional cases for a change of research project/focus which require additional time to meet deadlines must be beyond the control of the PGR.  Examples of cases which may be looked at sympathetically by the Group, include:
failure/unavailability of key equipment, unavailability of data
a change to the  supervisory team (for example, following the death, ill-health or resignation of a key member of the supervisory team).   The School must satisfy PSAG that it has taken all reasonable steps to identify alternative supervision arrangements which would not impact on the project and timescales for completion before making the request.  This will include exploring the possibility of identifying an external supervisor
Where a complaint by the PGR has been upheld and led to a change of research project and supervisory team
Where the PGR will incur additional expenses as a consequence of an extension to their studies following a change of project the School must be able to demonstrate that steps have been taken to discuss the likely additional costs that may be incurred with the PGR and that appropriate sources of funding have been identified.  In some cases it may be necessary for the School to provide additional funding when the circumstances are beyond the control of the PGR.
PGRS HOLDING TIER 4 STUDENT VISAS
In the case of an international PGR holding a Tier 4 Student Visa immigration advice must be sought before consideration is given to withdrawing from studies and starting a new research degree candidature.  The University will not normally sponsor a student who has previously started a programme under Tier 4 sponsorship and failed to complete the programme they were sponsored for (for any reason, even if non academic).  This includes students who have had a "false start" or changed their mind about a programme.  Advice should be sought from PGRO Admissions and the International Student Office.
Tier 4 student visa holders should be strongly encouraged to seek immigration advice on the implications to their visa status of an extension of study.
UNDERPERFORMING PGRS
Where a PGR has limitations in one area but is strong in another the research project may be adapted to focus on those strengths.
Supervisors should, however, avoid making changes to a research project to address difficulties encountered by weak and underperforming PGRs when these changes will impact on the PGR’s ability to meet deadlines.  If a serious doubt develops concerning the student’s abilities, the School /Faculty may wish to consider initiating the Unsatisfactory Academic Progress procedure :
PSAG is unlikely to look sympathetically at cases for extensions of study made on this basis.

 
GRAD
Learn about and log in to our standard system for recording postgraduate researchers progress including how to get started and FAQs.
 
GRAD
Learn about and log in to our standard system for recording postgraduate researchers progress including how to get started and FAQs.
The Graduate Record of Achievement and Development (GRAD) is the University record keeping system for all Postgraduate Researchers:
https://research.leeds.ac.uk/
All postgraduate researchers (PGRs) and supervisors can now use the system to organise, manage and report on:
supervision meetings 
first formal progress review 
transfer  
annual progress reviews
create a training plan 
manage change requests (including annual leave, authorised absence and change of location).
Please note that if you have previously been using the PDR this has now been changed to a ‘read only’ format. Rest assured that none of your information or data will be lost. However, you cannot now add to your records in the PDR, nor can you use it to arrange meetings. Within your personal GRAD record, you will find a link that will take you directly to your personal PDR page; this should make it easy to move between the two systems in this initial transitional period. However, GRAD must now be used for all PGR record-keeping
GUIDES AND SUPPORT
User guides explaining how to use GRAD are available on the system (select 'Guides' from the left-hand menu in GRAD). If you have any problems using the system, please contact your Graduate School Administrator. 
FAQS






PROGRESS AND MONITORING - POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
PGRs and supervisors should meet regularly and records must be kept of all formal supervision meetings. Formal reports are also needed at key points during the research degree.
 PROGRESS AND MONITORING - POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHERS
PGRs and supervisors should meet regularly and records must be kept of all formal supervision meetings. Formal reports are also needed at key points during the research degree.
All PGRs and their supervisors can now use the Graduate Record of Achievement and Development (GRAD) system to organise and report on supervision meetings, to create a training plan, to organise and record all regular progress monitoring meetings (first formal progress review, transfer, and annual progress reviews), and to manage ‘change requests’ including annual leave, authorised absence and change of location.
SUPERVISION MEETINGS AND GUIDANCE FOR THE PGR
There should be at least ten formal supervision meetings per year for full time PGRs, in line with the Code of practice on research degree candidatures (the equivalent for part-time PGRs is six meetings).  
Regular meetings should be held to ensure that the PGR receives regular advice and guidance.
Each PGR should be offered the opportunity to meet annually with the postgraduate research tutor or head of school to review progress, without the supervisor. This gives the PGR an opportunity to comment on the supervision they've received and to raise any matters of concern.
Records of supervision meetings must be held in the Graduate Record of Achievement and Development (GRAD) system.
PROGRESS REPORTS
The minimum requirements for progress reporting are given below. All the following progress reports must be completed using the forms in the Graduate Record of Achievement and Development (GRAD) system.
FULL TIME PGRS
Reports should be made in GRAD as follows:
at 6 months 
at the transfer stage (between 9 and 12 months to be reviewed at the transfer)
annually thereafter, including any overtime year
PART TIME PGRS
Reports should be made in GRAD as follows:
at 9 months
at the transfer stage (between 18 and 24 months to reviewed at the transfer)
annually thereafter, including during any overtime years
The PGR should always receive clear written information about the assessment of progress.
If the supervisor considers that the PGR's progress is unsatisfactory, they may consider starting the Unsatisfactory academic progress procedure. The procedure document sets out all the steps that should be taken including consultation with the postgraduate research tutor. Supervisors are encouraged to refer to the procedure as soon as they have any concerns.
FIRST FORMAL PROGRESS REPORT
PGRs will be expected to complete a review of their progress before the completion of six months of full-time study (or 9 months for part-time). There will be an opportunity to comment on any issues which may have adversely affected their progress. The supervisor will then provide an assessment of their overall progress, progress against the training plan and comment on English language written and communication skills.
TRANSFER
All doctoral PGRs are initially registered as provisional doctoral candidates and are therefore subject to a formal transfer assessment process within a specified timescale.  If successful in this assessment, the PGR is then transferred to doctoral study. 
As part of the submission for transfer the PGR will be expected to complete a review of their progress and offered the opportunity to comment on any issues which may have adversely affected their progress. Prior to the transfer assessment the supervisor will complete a report on their progress. The report will include an assessment of progress, progress against the training plan and comment on English language written and communication skills in addition to ethical and data storage requirements.
ANNUAL PROGRESS REVIEW (POST-TRANSFER)
This will be completed for all PGRs including MPhil and part-time Masters by research. Progress will be monitored annually on or before the anniversary of the start date until submission of the thesis. 
There are two models for annual progress review meetings:
Model A: a meeting with the PGR conducted by the supervisor together with an individual independent of the supervisory team (adopted by FBS, Engineering, MAPS and Medicine and Health)
OR
Model B: a meeting between the PGR and the supervisor. The report of the meeting will be reviewed by a committee within the faculty/school (adopted by Arts, Business, Environment, Social Sciences and PVAC)
The PGR will submit the following in advance of the meeting:
reflection on progress to date (with the opportunity to highlight issues which have had a negative impact on progress)
timetable for completion (eg Gantt chart)
written work as required by the faculty/supervisor
Useful Links:
Graduate Record of Achievement and Development (GRAD) system
Guidelines on University Procedures and Recommended Best Practice for a Transfer Assessment Panel
Annual Progress Review (Post-Transfer) Guidelines
Guide for Research Degree Supervisors
University Code of Practice for Research Degree Candidatures 
Attendance monitoring – PGR students policy and guidance



SUSPENSIONS AND EXTENSIONS OF STUDY FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS
Where circumstances or events occur which adversely impact on a research student's progress, the University may grant a period of suspension or extension of study. This may also happen during the referral period.
 
SUSPENSIONS AND EXTENSIONS OF STUDY FOR POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDENTS
Where circumstances or events occur which adversely impact on a research student's progress, the University may grant a period of suspension or extension of study. This may also happen during the referral period.
For further information on the approach to suspensions and extensions due to Covid-19, please refer to the coronavirus website PGR FAQs. 
In many cases lost time can be made up during the student's candidature but where this is not possible because of the serious, disruptive nature of the situation a period of suspension or extension may be a possible option. For international students, staff should be aware of the possible impact on the student's visa and direct them to seek advice from the International Student Office. There may also be implications in relation to funding bodies.
The Policy and guidance on suspensions and extensions of study for postgraduate research students (PDF) provides definitions of "suspension" and "extension" and the types of circumstances in which a suspension or extension might be approved. For further information on the approach to suspensions and extensions due to Covid-19, please refer to the coronavirus website PGR FAQs. 
Students who wish to request a suspension or extension of their studies should complete a Change Request via GRAD.  
FURTHER INFORMATION
Further information on absences, suspensions and extensions to study is available from the For Students page. For further information on the approach to suspensions and extensions due to Covid-19, please refer to the coronavirus website PGR FAQs. 


TRANSFER TO DOCTORAL STUDY
To progress to doctoral study PGRs must pass transfer
 
TRANSFER TO DOCTORAL STUDY
To progress to doctoral study PGRs must pass transfer
All PGRs studying for a doctoral award will initially register for either provisional doctoral study. 
They will be required to undertake a formal transfer assessment within a specified timescale.  If successful in this assessment, they will be transferred to doctoral study.
The transfer assessment is intended to identify:
whether the PGR and their project have the potential for research at doctoral level
whether it is achievable for the PGR to complete their thesis within the standard period of study for their programme
Detailed information for the Transfer Panel, Directors of PGR Studies and Graduate Schools is available.
Arrangements for PGRs commencing study after 01 September 2018
Arrangements for PGRs commencing study before 01 September 2018 is available from Doctoral College Operations.


UNSATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS PROCEDURE (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This procedure applies to postgraduate research students only and will be instigated when the supervisor(s) has concerns about the student's academic progress.

UNSATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS PROCEDURE (RESEARCH STUDENTS)
This procedure applies to postgraduate research students only and will be instigated when the supervisor(s) has concerns about the student's academic progress.
The Unsatisfactory academic progress procedure (PDF) explains the steps that will be taken if a supervisor raises concerns about a student.

RESEARCH DEGREE COMMITTEES AND GROUPS
Find out more about the committees and groups that support Postgraduate Researchers at the university
RESEARCH DEGREE COMMITTEES AND GROUPS
Find out more about the committees and groups that support Postgraduate Researchers at the university
EXAMINATIONS GROUP
The Examinations Group ratifies examination results of all postgraduate research degrees and awards those degrees.
 
EXAMINATIONS GROUP
The Examinations Group ratifies examination results of all postgraduate research degrees and awards those degrees.
The Examinations Group has been delegated responsibility from the Graduate Board for the following matters:
to implement University policy and procedures for the examination of research degree candidates;
to conduct regular reviews of strategic and policy issues in relation to examinations for research degrees and to make recommendations to the Graduate Board; 
to conduct regular reviews of procedures and all documentation associated with the examination of research degree candidates and to make changes as appropriate;
to undertake liaison and consultation with other groups of the Board as necessary;
to undertake liaison and consultation with the Faculty Graduate School Committees as necessary;
to appoint examiners for research degree candidates after consideration of recommendations from schools and other registration units;
to consider recommendations made by the examiners for research degree candidates;
to ratify examination results for research degrees, subject to the Group being satisfied that the criteria for the award of the degree have been met, to award such degrees and confer degrees in absentia, under authority delegated by the Graduate Board;
To participate in the University's PGR Periodic Review. 
The Group will meet on the following dates:
Dates for 2020/21 will be confirmed in August 2020

 
 
Membership

Chair of Examinations Group role description (PDF)


GRADUATE BOARD
Graduate Board is responsible for providing strategic direction to all matters relating to postgraduate researcher (PGR) education.
 GRADUATE BOARD
Graduate Board is responsible for providing strategic direction to all matters relating to postgraduate researcher (PGR) education.
The Board is chaired by the Dean of the Leeds Doctoral College and is responsible for implementing policy and regulations through the Leeds Doctoral College, Faculty Graduate School Committees and Directors of PGR Studies. The Board monitors and reviews all arrangements for research degrees and aspects of a candidature.
Admission, progress, examination and a decision regarding the award of the degree also fall within the remit of the Graduate Board. Postgraduate researchers are represented on the Board and on Faculty Graduate School Committees.
TERMS OF REFERENCE
Graduate Board is responsible for providing strategic direction to all matters relating to postgraduate researcher (PGR) education, making recommendations to Senate, Council and University Executive Group (UEG) as required.
It operates to:
formulate and implement policy and procedures with regard to all research degrees and higher doctorates, including those offered in collaboration with other institutions, or by other institutions whose research degree programmes are accredited by the University of Leeds; 
oversee the administration of all research degrees governed by Ordinance X, and higher doctorates governed by Ordinance XII, in consultation with the Taught Student Education Board where taught modules form part of a research degree programme;
oversee the strategic development of the Leeds Doctoral College, including Faculty Graduate Schools, Doctoral College Operations and other bodies or units as appropriate;
ensure, working with and through the PGR Recruitment Group, the effective recruitment and admission of PGRs;
ensure, working with and through the PGR Programmes and Quality Group the maintenance of quality and standards for research degree programmes; to consider, and approve where appropriate (a) amendments to the regulations for research degrees, (b) the introduction of new programmes of study and (c) amendments to programmes of study; and to recommend to the Senate amendments to Ordinances arising from any of the above actions;
delegate authority to the PGR Examinations Group to (a) ratify examination results for research degrees and higher doctorates and to award such degrees and (b) confer them in absentia, where requested by the candidate;
identify, promote and facilitate innovative approaches to skills development and training and to oversee this through the PGR Development Steering Group;
oversee, working with the Group on Scholarships, Studentships and Prizes (GSSP), the PGR Pricing and Scholarships Sub-Group, and the Steering Group on Doctoral Training Grants, scholarship and funding matters relating to PGRs, including strategic intelligence relating to Research Councils and other external sponsors, and to determine and implement policy on University-funded scholarships for PGRs;
oversee all matters relating to the needs, welfare and achievements of PGRs and to support PGR activities in consultation with other bodies (including Leeds University Union) where appropriate;
communicate with Taught Student Education Board and the Research and Innovation Board where issues of common interest are concerned and to send representatives to both these Boards.  

MEMBERSHIP OF THE GRADUATE BOARD
Chair: Dean of the Leeds Doctoral College Claire Honess 
Ex officio: the Deputy Vice-Chancellor for Research and Innovation Lisa Roberts
Ex officio: Deputy Vice-Chancellor for Student Education Tom Ward 
Ex officio: Pro-Dean International Bill Murphy
The Head of Faculty Graduate Schools (who will also be the Chair of the Faculty Graduate School Committee):
Arts, Humanities and Cultures: Mic Spencer 
Biological Sciences: Alan Berry  
Business: Nick Williams (Acting Head) 
Education, Social Sciences & Law: Stuart Lister  
Engineering and Physical Sciences: Richard Hall (Engineering) and Stuart Barber (Physical Sciences) 
Environment: Pippa Chapman 
Medicine and Health: Paul Marshall 
Two LUU representatives:
Ex officio: the Education Officer of the University Union  Abiha Khan
A PGR Representative to be appointed by LUU* TBC 
Four elected members:
(i) Election by members of the Faculties of two members of the Graduate Board: 
Ana Manzano-Santaella (2018-21)
Vacant
(ii) Election by members of the Senate of two members of the Senate: two vacancies
Representative of the Taught Student Education Board:  Kelvin Tapley
Chairs of the Groups/Committees of the Board
PGR Examinations Group: Ingrid Sharp (2016-20)
PGR Programmes and Quality Group Group: Amanda Waterman (2019-22)
Group on Scholarships, Studentships and Prizes: Richard Hall (2014-19)
Representatives from Accredited Institutions
1 representative of York St John University: Margaret Wood
1 representative of Leeds Trinity University: Martin Barwood
Service Representation
A representative from ODPL   Tony Bromley
Director of Student Operations   Catherine Lorigan
Head of  Doctoral College Operations  Vicky Burrett (Acting Head)
Head of Doctoral College Programmes   Christina Robinson
Head of Research Support and Digital Libraries   Claire Knowles
In attendance
Faculty Graduate School Manager   In rotation
Postgraduate Engagement Officer   Simon Sandison
DATES OF MEETINGS AND VENUES 2019/20
Monday 14 October 2019 10.00 am  Council Chamber, Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building 
Monday 02 December 2019 10.00 am  Council Chamber, Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building
Monday 17 February 2020 10.00 am  Council Chamber, Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building
Monday 20 April 2020 10.00 am  Council Chamber, Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building
Monday 15 June 2020 10.00 am  Council Chamber, Marjorie and Arnold Ziff Building




GRADUATE SCHOOL FORUM
Graduate School Managers and colleagues from Postgraduate Research and Operations come together to share good practice.
 GRADUATE SCHOOL FORUM
Graduate School Managers and colleagues from Postgraduate Research and Operations come together to share good practice.
The Graduate School Forum allows Postgraduate Research and Operations staff and Faculty Graduate School Managers to exchange information and discuss postgraduate research issues. The group fosters cross-communication between school, faculty and central teams and provides an opportunity for colleagues to meet and exchange good practice.
Terms of Reference
1. To provide a forum for the exchange of information between PGR & Operations and Graduate School Managers and for a discussion of PGR issues; 
2. To foster cross-communication between local and central offices; 
3. To provide Faculty Graduate School Managers with the opportunity to meet and exchange experiences. 
Membership
Faculty Graduate School Representatives 
Arts, Humanities and Cultures: Kim Broughton-Roe
Biological Sciences: Lucy Parker
Business: Su Bain  
ESSL: Vicky Burrett 
Engineering: Simon Welsh  
Environment: Michelle Lesnianski  
MAPS: Faith Bonner  
Medicine and Health: Anne-Marie Smith

Representatives of Postgraduate Research and Operations (PGR & Ops): Christina Robinson, Sarah Throp, Leanne Carr, Jo Nassor, Caroline Neave 
Representatives of Student Systems Administration (SSA): TBC 
Representative of Organisational Development and Professional Learning (ODPL): Dr Tony Bromley 
Representative of Leeds University Union (LUU): Simon Sandison, Carla Douglas
Representative of Disabled Student Assessment & Support (DSAS): Simon Morris and Claire Flegg 



HIGHER DOCTORATES
The Higher Doctorate is the highest degree which the University can award to a candidate. Within the relevant field of study the candidate must have distinguished themselves by their original contribution to scholarship.
 
HIGHER DOCTORATES
The Higher Doctorate is the highest degree which the University can award to a candidate. Within the relevant field of study the candidate must have distinguished themselves by their original contribution to scholarship.
TERMS OF REFERENCE
1. To administer all higher doctorates governed by Ordinance XII and to implement University policy and procedures; 
2. To exercise such authority as may be vested in it from time to time by the Graduate Board in formulating policy in regard to the degrees of Doctor of Letters, Doctor of Divinity, Doctor of Music, Doctor of Laws, Doctor of Science and Doctor of Science (Engineering) and to consult with the Graduate Board over amendments to policy; 
3. To appoint examiners for higher doctorates after appropriate consultation;
4. To ratify examination results for the degrees listed above and to award such degrees and confer them in absentia where requested, under authority delegated by the Graduate Board.
MEMBERSHIP 2019-2020
Chair - Professor Claire Honess
Normally one Representative from each of the Faculties (who must be either a Professor or holder of a higher doctorate): 
Arts, Humanities and Cultures - Professor Simon Hall (2019-22) 
Business - Professor Giuseppe Fontana (2018-21) 
Biological Sciences - Professor Ian Hope (2018-21)
Environment - Professor Pippa Chapman (2017-20) 
Engineering and Physical Sciences - Vacant (Engineering) and Professor Jonathan Partington (2015-21)
Medicine and Health - Professor Anna Madill (2018-21)
Social Sciences - Professor Jocelyn Evans (2017-20) 
 
Please direct any queries to the Leeds Doctoral College
 


PGR RECRUITMENT GROUP
The PGR Recruitment Group is responsible for matters concerning postgraduate researchers (PGRs) as follows:
 

PGR RECRUITMENT GROUP
The PGR Recruitment Group is responsible for matters concerning postgraduate researchers (PGRs) as follows:
Terms of Reference
1.    To review policies and procedures for the effective recruitment and admission of PGRs to postgraduate research programmes, recognising differences in the organisation of constituent faculties;
2.    To ensure and promote equality, diversity and inclusion in the practices, policies and procedures of the University and its constituent faculties in relation to the recruitment and admission of PGRs, taking into account relevant quality assurance and statutory requirements;
3.    To receive reports from central services, Faculty Graduate School Committees and any working groups in relation to matters of recruitment and admission of PGRs, providing comments and making recommendations as required;
4.    To initiate cross-faculty or University-wide actions that will improve the delivery of objectives around recruitment and admissions of PGRs, making use of collective intelligence and best practice;
5.    To assist the Graduate Board in the regular management of policies and procedures, ensuring alignment with strategic objectives of the University;
6.    To keep the Graduate Board appraised of all matters relating to the recruitment and admissions of PGRs, including identified issues that relate to and/or impact the achievement of strategic objectives.
Membership Chair (one Head of Graduate School) - 3 year term Directors of PGR Studies (one representative from each Faculty) – 3 year term Two PGR Reps – one year term
Service Representation: Head of Doctoral College Operations Doctoral College Admissions Manager Marketing International Office representation One Faculty Graduate School Manager – one year term One Doctoral College Admissions Officer (rotating basis) One Taught Admissions Manager
Meeting Schedule:
3 meeting per year
Session 2020/21 dates to be confirmed  


POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHER DEVELOPMENT STEERING GROUP
The Postgraduate Researcher Development Steering Group provides strategic direction, oversight and accountability for the delivery of research and transferable skills professional development for postgraduate researchers at the University
 POSTGRADUATE RESEARCHER DEVELOPMENT STEERING GROUP
The Postgraduate Researcher Development Steering Group provides strategic direction, oversight and accountability for the delivery of research and transferable skills professional development for postgraduate researchers at the University
The Steering Group undertakes to achieve the objectives listed below.
1. Strategic development
• Promote and further develop a strategic approach to career and professional skills development for postgraduate researchers through the Doctoral College and as part of the Leeds Doctoral Initiative
• Make recommendations to Graduate Board on University strategy and policy for postgraduate researcher career and professional skills development. 
2. Programme Management and Quality Assurance
• Oversee career and professional skills development for postgraduate researchers to ensure coherence and complementarity in provision and consistency of experience. 
• Provide a means of assuring and enhancing quality of training by:
(a) annually reviewing career and professional skills development provision for postgraduate researchers
(b) evaluating the benefits and impact of career and professional skills development against key performance indicators
(c) disseminating and promoting good practice throughout the University
(d) seeking and reviewing feedback on provision from stakeholders, including postgraduate researchers and the Heads of Faculty Graduate Schools through such mechanisms as the Postgraduate Research Experience Survey (PRES) and Faculty Graduate School Committees.
• Work with Doctoral Training Partnerships, Centres for Doctoral Training and other funded cohort programmes to enhance the scope, quality and effectiveness of researcher development at the University.
• Provide input to University reports to UKRI that refer to postgraduate researcher development matters and make recommendations on any matter arising to Research and Innovation Board and Graduate Board as appropriate.
• Provide assurance that the University is meeting its obligations in respect of any relevant QAA guidelines
3. Communication
• Identify and maintain appropriate mechanisms for consultation and communication with internal and external stakeholders, Faculty Graduate School Committees, Faculty Research and Innovation Committees, the Leeds University Union, UKRI, and Vitae
• Provide and disseminate intelligence on research development and related activities from UKRI and other stakeholders.
Membership
Chair: Dean of Leeds Doctoral College
4 Heads of Faculty Graduate School (2 BASSH and 2 STEM)
OD&PL rep 
ECRDSG rep
Head of PGR Programmes 
PGRO rep (to minute)
2 x PGR reps (1 BASSH and 1 STEM)
By invitation: representatives of other services providing research and transferable skills training (library, careers, IT); 
Meetings
The Postgraduate Researcher Development Steering Group meets quarterly.
Reporting
Graduate Board




PROGRAMMES OF STUDY AND AUDIT GROUP
The PGR Programmes and Quality Group (previously known as the Programmes of Study and Audit Group) is responsible for matters concerning postgraduate researchers (PGRs) as follows:
PROGRAMMES OF STUDY AND AUDIT GROUP
The PGR Programmes and Quality Group (previously known as the Programmes of Study and Audit Group) is responsible for matters concerning postgraduate researchers (PGRs) as follows:
To develop, implement, review and monitor University policy and procedures in relation to the arrangements for research degree candidatures, as required by the Graduate Board; 
To take appropriate action, as required by the Graduate Board, in relation to the maintenance of quality and standards for research degree programmes including collaborative awards;  
To participate in the University's PGR periodic review;
To send forward recommendations to the Graduate Board on the following matters, where appropriate: the introduction of new research programmes of study and amendments to existing programmes and associated courses including programmes delivered in partnership with other institutions; proposed amendments to Ordinances and Regulations for research degrees. 
To consider, reach decisions upon, and report upon, matters relating to  progression within research degree candidatures including the following:  transfers from a provisional registration category to full degree registration, suspensions and extensions to the period of study.
Liaison and consultation with Faculty Graduate School Committees as necessary;
Liaison and consultation with other Groups of the Graduate Board as necessary. 
MEMBERSHIP OF THE PROGRAMMES OF STUDY & AUDIT GROUP 
Chair - Amanda Waterman (2019-2022) 
NORMALLY ONE ACADEMIC REPRESENTATIVE FROM EACH OF THE FACULTIES WITH EXPERIENCE OF PGR SUPERVISION AND EXAMINATION*: 
Arts, Humanities and Cultures - Irena Hayter (2019-22) 
Biological Sciences - Ronaldo Ichiyama (2018-2021) 
Business - Jyoti Mishra (2019-2022) 
Environment - Fiona Gill (2017-2020) 
Engineering & Physical Sciences - Frans Muller (2018-2021) & Malcolm Halcrow (2017-20) 
Medicine and Health - Elena Jones (2015-2020)
Social Sciences - Aisha Walker (2018-21)
OTHERS
Representative of the Taught Student Education Board (also a Pro-Dean for Student Education) - TBC
Representative of the PGR Recruitment Group:  TBC 
A PGR Representative to be appointed by Leeds University Union or the Education Officer
Quality Assurance - Jenny Lyon
Disabled Support Service - Simon Morris
Graduate School Manager - TBC
Doctoral College - Christina Robinson, Vicky Burrett and Kirsty Clarke

* Appointment of Faculty Representatives on the Group is the responsibility of the Faculty Graduate School Committee.
Chair of PSAG - Role Description
DATES OF MEETINGS (2019/20)
11 November 2019
27 January 2020
23 March 2020
18 May 2020



 
RESEARCH DEGREE CONTACTS
Who we are and how we support Postgraduate Researchers

RESEARCH DEGREE CONTACTS
Who we are and how we support Postgraduate Researchers
DIRECTORS OF POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDIES
The Directors of Postgraduate Research Studies have a key strategic and operational role within the academic unit.
 
DIRECTORS OF POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH STUDIES
The Directors of Postgraduate Research Studies have a key strategic and operational role within the academic unit.
Directors of Postgraduate Research Studies are managed by relevant Heads of School or academic unit and also report to the Heads of Graduate Schools. They will work as a team through the Faculty Graduate School, coordinating with the Head of Graduate School and other Directors to ensure strategy and policy for postgraduate research are implemented effectively.
They contribute to postgraduate strategy and policy, participating in annual planning exercises, and lead on recruitment and studentship matters for PGRs to support school strategic objectives for postgraduate research. 
They are often the first point of contact for academic / pastoral issues raised by postgraduate researchers (PGRs) within their School / academic unit. Where Schools are larger the Director role may be split out into key areas such as admission, on-programme and / or support/well-being
Director of Postgraduate Research Studies role description


HEAD OF GRADUATE SCHOOL
The Head of Graduate School  is responsible for shaping the strategic development of postgraduate research in the Faculty. 
 HEAD OF GRADUATE SCHOOL
The Head of Graduate School  is responsible for shaping the strategic development of postgraduate research in the Faculty. 
They work with the Pro-dean for Research & Innovation to strengthen postgraduate research, to maintain academic standards and assure the quality of the Postgraduate Researcher (PGR) experience, to develop the international reputation of the University, and to increase PGR numbers whilst maintaining quality.
They play a key role in developing and supporting the research environment for PGRs and staff and work to raise the profile of postgraduate study within the Faculty. Guiding the Faculty's postgraduate strategy and policy, the Faculty Head of Graduate School takes a lead on recruitment and studentship matters for PGRs, monitoring of recruitment, progress, examination and completion of postgraduate researchers.
Head of Graduate School role description (Word)
The current Heads of Graduate School are:
Arts, Humanities and Cultures: Dr Mic Spencer
Biological Sciences: Professor Alan Berry 
Business: Dr Effie Kesidou
Engineering: Professor Richard Hall
Environment: Professor Pippa Chapman
Mathematics and Physical Sciences: Dr Kelvin Tapley and Dr Stuart Barber
Medicine and Health: Dr Paul Marshall 
Social Sciences: Professor Edward Newman



PGR & OPERATIONS - ADMISSIONS
The Postgraduate Research and Operations (Admissions and Registration) team process and issue offers for applications received for research degree programmes.

PGR & OPERATIONS - ADMISSIONS
The Postgraduate Research and Operations (Admissions and Registration) team process and issue offers for applications received for research degree programmes.
The team can advise and support on: 
University regulations relating to admissions
equivalences and grading advice
PBS compliance for offer making
The team is also responsible for ensuring applications meet the University and UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) requirements, assigning Confirmations of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) for research programmes and carrying out fees assessments.
Initial decision-making for research postgraduate applications takes place within faculties and schools.
CONTACT DETAILS
The Postgraduate Research and Operations (Admissions and Registration) team can be reached on rp_applications@adm.leeds.ac.uk or on 35057.
Programme-specific queries should be directed to the relevant graduate school.

PROGRAMME AND MODULE CATALOGUES
This section contains useful information for Catalogue Coordinators who are responsible for maintaining the University programme and module catalogues
 

PROGRAMME AND MODULE CATALOGUES
This section contains useful information for Catalogue Coordinators who are responsible for maintaining the University programme and module catalogues
WHAT ARE THE CATALOGUES
The University of Leeds publishes its taught curriculum on web pages called the programme and module catalogues.  Catalogue web pages
 
WHAT ARE THE CATALOGUES?
THE UNIVERSITY OF LEEDS PUBLISHES ITS TAUGHT CURRICULUM ON WEB PAGES CALLED THE PROGRAMME AND MODULE CATALOGUES. 
CATALOGUE WEB PAGES

Undergraduate Module Catalogue
Undergraduate Programme Catalogue
Postgraduate Module Catalogue
Postgraduate Programme Catalogue

The curricular information that is published on the web catalogues is the “true record” of our programme and module specifications. Therefore, it is crucial to ensure that this information is kept accurate and up-to-date.
These web pages also provide a historical record of what had been taught at a particular time. For example, the 2016/17 programme catalogue entry for BA English displays the programme structure for each level of this degree programme in 2016/17.
BACKEND CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
The curricular information is held on two backend content management systems: the module catalogue & the programme catalogue. These use Banner functionality, but the information is held in a separate database. As some curricular information is stored in the actual Banner database, it is crucial for data quality to ensure that the two sources of information are kept correct.
SYSTEMS THE CATALOGUE IMPACTS

TIMETABLING
The catalogues have impact on the timetabling system, as the specification of the module’s maximum class size is used by the timetabling team when allocating rooms for taught activities.

COURSEFINDER
The University has an external-facing “Coursefinder” system that prospective students can use to find degree programmes they are interested in studying. Information about programme content on this page pulls directly from the programme catalogue.
ONLINE MODULE ENROLMENT
Current students enrol on their module choices online. The structure of their programme and the available optional modules guide the choices that students can make in this system. This structure is written and maintained in the programme catalogue.
As module enrolment operates on a “first-come, first-served” basis, getting data quality in the catalogues right is crucially important. Failing to do so can have significant negative impact on the student experience.


CATALOGUE PUBLICATION DATES
The Programme and Module Catalogue webpages are published on a set date each year, in advance of the upcoming academic term.
 CATALOGUE PUBLICATION DATES
The Programme and Module Catalogue webpages are published on a set date each year, in advance of the upcoming academic term.
The publication date takes place after the University’s annual curriculum approval process and associated deadlines, and in advance of online module enrolment opening for returning undergraduate students in the summer.
The catalogue publication date for the academic term 2021/22, whereby confirmed module and programme content approved for the upcoming academic term will be displayed online, is 01 July 2021.



CATALOGUE CONTACTS
Details of key contact information for the catalogues are held on this page.
 CATALOGUE CONTACTS
Details of key contact information for the catalogues are held on this page.
CATALOGUE TEAM
The Catalogue Team sit within Programmes and Assessment (Operations). Please contact the Catalogue Team with any queries you have by emailing catalogue@leeds.ac.uk.
SCHOOL CONTACTS
Each school has a dedicated catalogue co-ordinator. These are viewable on the web catalogue if you access the School’s page using the drop down menus. The school's contact's details are viewable on a card at the top of their school’s catalogue page.
This contact will be able to discuss any catalogue issues with regards to their school’s curriculum.



CATALOGUE TRAINING LINKS
 This page contains information about organising training for the catalogues.
 
CATALOGUE TRAINING LINKS
 This page contains information about organising training for the catalogues.
CLASSROOM TRAINING FOR MODULE AND PROGRAMME CATALOGUES
The IT training team run classroom training sessions for the module and programme catalogues throughout the year. Look on the Courses and Workshops search page for details of when the next training session will be.
ONE-TO-ONE TRAINING
Programmes & Assessments (Operations) can provide one-to-one training on the module and programme catalogues if there is a particular training need. This can be done for staff with no prior catalogue experience, or as a refresher session for existing catalogue users. Email catalogue@leeds.ac.uk to organise a session.
HOW ACCESS IS GRANTED

The catalogue team grant access to users after they have successfully undertaken training. A user is assigned permissions to access and edit modules in the School(s) that they work in. 


BANNER 9 FAQS
FAQs for using the catalogues on the new Banner 9 system


BANNER 9 FAQS
FAQS FOR USING THE CATALOGUES ON THE NEW BANNER 9 SYSTEM

How do I access the catalogues? 
You will now access the catalogues from inside Banner. Type SWRMCAT to access the module catalogue or SWPRCAT to access the programme catalogue. 
If typing SWRMCAT / SWRPCAT returns no results in the search bar, please contact us on catalogue@leeds.ac.uk. This will be due to a permissions issue that we can resolve with the assistance of the Banner team.

Is any functionality different on the new system?
The systems have the same functionality as other Banner 9 forms, but in some areas they need to be operated slightly differently. One area that has changed notably is the search function (now “Filter”). It is necessary to navigate to the "Title" tab and to keep using the “Clear All” button to clear your filter between searches. You have to specify the fields you want to filter. We strongly recommend to search for modules by "Subject" and "Module Number" and to search for programmes by "Programme Code". 

Does this mean that the catalogues and Banner databases are now aligned?
Unfortunately not. Although these pages are going to be accessed through Banner, Schools will still need to inform Operations of changes, as they have always done. The information entered in the Catalogue forms will remain separate from the Banner forms used by the Operations team, which they need to maintain as part of a separate process.

What to do if something isn’t working?
Please report any issues with the new system to catalogue@leeds.ac.uk. They can advise or pass on the message to key contacts in IT and / or the Student Lifecycle Programme (SLP) as appropriate.

Can I feedback about my experiences?
Yes, there will be a monthly feedback form being sent to catalogue users for a few months after Banner 9’s release. This form will give you the opportunity to feedback about your experiences of using the catalogues in Banner 9.

Outside of us formally gathering feedback, you are welcome to feedback about your experiences to the Catalogue team (catalogue@leeds.ac.uk) and the SLP (slp@leeds.ac.uk). 


STUDENT HANDBOOKS
The Taught Student Handbook Framework is intended to provide a structure on which to base School or Faculty Taught Student Handbooks and was developed by a sub-group of the Programme Support Management Team in 2019 for adoption across the University. It has been updated for the academic year 2020/21.
 
STUDENT HANDBOOKS
The Taught Student Handbook Framework is intended to provide a structure on which to base School or Faculty Taught Student Handbooks and was developed by a sub-group of the Programme Support Management Team in 2019 for adoption across the University. It has been updated for the academic year 2020/21.
The following link contains guidance for using the Taught Student Handbook Framework. Please read and adhere to the guidance when setting up your School or Faculty Taught Student Handbook using the Taught Student Handbook Framework. 
Taught Student Handbook Framework Guidance
Taught Student Handbook Framework 
School or Faculty Taught Student Handbooks, once updated, should be uploaded to School Minerva Organisations as advertised to students in the Your Arrival Guide. 
PROGRAMME SUPPORT MANAGEMENT TEAM
The team leads the development and delivery of processes relating to programme support and brings together specialists from across the University.
 

PROGRAMME SUPPORT MANAGEMENT TEAM
The team leads the development and delivery of processes relating to programme support and brings together specialists from across the University.
Functional managers from faculties and colleagues from relevant central teams work together to ensure the activities supporting the delivery of programmes of study give our students a high-quality and consistent experience.
MEMBERSHIP


TERMS OF REFERENCE

Operational oversight of Programme Support processes for UG and PGT students, including PGRs (in collaboration with the Doctoral College team).
Discuss, consult and make recommendations for improvements to Programme Support processes and operational delivery, acting as a reference group for projects related to Programme Support.  Address operational challenges with a view to resolution.  
Reach decisions about minor changes to process and operations and ensure that they are effectively communicated. 
Keep abreast of policy and strategy matters impacting this functional area; consider, report and make recommendations on the impact of internal and external developments, including legislation and statutory changes, on operational delivery.
Oversee, in collaboration with key academic leaders and heads of service, the implementation of changes to policy or practice; develop recommendations for changes to policy or practice, escalating to the appropriate steering group or committee as necessary.  
Share and develop good practice for a one service approach, ensuring policies and practices are transparent, applied consistently and are equitable for a diverse student cohort.
Own and maintain process maps and supporting documentation.
Take a holistic approach, considering the impact on the wider institution, and strengthening links with relevant areas of the business in other Professional Services and functional areas, ensuring links and interdependencies are identified.
Identify training needs and development opportunities for staff within the wider team. 




ACCESSIBLE WRITTEN MATERIALS
Design documents and written materials in ways that will make them accessible to as many people as possible.
 
ACCESSIBLE WRITTEN MATERIALS
Design documents and written materials in ways that will make them accessible to as many people as possible.
Download good practice guidelines for producing accessible materials and specific guidelines relating to colour blindness.
Remember to make your materials compatible with assistive software and hardware which will be of particular benefit to those who are blind or partially-sighted.
Advertise the fact that people can request information in alternative formats, including braille.
Structure documents clearly and use straightforward language. This is particularly important for those with specific learning disabilities (SpLDs) and international students and will benefit all readers.

TIMELINES FOR PROGRAMMES AND ASSESSMENT
A timeline and forward planner for activities carried out by the Programmes and Assessment team is available for staff to download. 
 
TIMELINES FOR PROGRAMMES AND ASSESSMENT
A timeline and forward planner for activities carried out by the Programmes and Assessment team is available for staff to download. 
TIMELINE OF EVENTS AND COMMUNICATIONS
The Programmes and Assessment Timeline runs from September to September and is divided into 4 columns:
Assessment and Progress - includes term dates; teaching dates; examination periods; deadlines for exam papers, marks and classifications; student deadlines for resit applications and module changes; examination timetable publication dates.
Events - includes ceremony dates; registration dates; deadlines for students for their debts/gown hire/name change etc; deadlines for both academic and administrative staff.
Operations - includes important dates for registration; roll forward process; dates for the module enrolment exercise; progression exercises.
Timetabling/Fees - includes key dates and deadlines for teaching timetables and the charging and payment of tuition fees. 
2020/21 Timeline 2019/20 Timeline 2018/19 Timeline 2017/18 Timeline 2016/17 Timeline 2015/16 Timeline
FORWARD PLANNER
Dates in the forward planner are fixed for two years ahead, on a rolling basis, with dates thereafter designated as "indicative". 
SUBMITTING INFORMATION FOR STUDENT COMMUNICATIONS
This page provides information about the type of information that is sent out to students, the channels used to communicate University-wide messages and how to submit your information to these channels.  
 SUBMITTING INFORMATION FOR STUDENT COMMUNICATIONS
This page provides information about the type of information that is sent out to students, the channels used to communicate University-wide messages and how to submit your information to these channels.  
THE THEME OF CONTENT
 
 Academic life - this relates to the student journey in line with the academic year.
 Health and wellbeing - the health and support services/facilities available to students.
 Study support - the wide range of study related support available to students.
 Opportunities - what's available to students to help them make the most of their time at Leeds.
 Life at Leeds - this is about campus, making the most of university life and events that are happening on campus.
CHANNELS
The student communications team manage a number of channels that are used to inform students of university-wide messages, these are: 
Fortnightly email newsletters to undergraduate and taught postgraduate students - previous newsletters are available on the news section of the student website
A current student Facebook group - this is linked to the official University page
Twitter account for current students
students.leeds.ac.uk
The other channels used by the team, but not managed by them, are: campus-wide plasma screens, Minerva, the UniLeeds App and traditional items such as poster and leaflets. 
SUBMITTING YOUR CONTENT AND DEADLINE DATES
Complete this online form so that the student communications team can include it in their activities. You will need your university email address and password to sign in to the form. 
Information about deadline dates and when the newsletter is due to go out is below:

If you have any questions or need further support, please email the Student Communications team: studentcommunications@leeds.ac.uk
AD PERSONAM AND AD HOC PROGRAMME VARIATION
Ad personam or ad hoc programme variations must be approved by the relevant Pro-Dean for Student Education, acting on behalf of the Faculty Taught Student Education Committee.

AD PERSONAM AND AD HOC PROGRAMME VARIATION PROCESSES
Ad personam or ad hoc programme variations must be approved by the relevant Pro-Dean for Student Education, acting on behalf of the Faculty Taught Student Education Committee.
The processes you need to go through to make ad personam and ad hoc programme variations are outlined here.
MAKING A CASE: PROGRAMME LEARNING OUTCOMES
For both ad personam and ad hoc programme variation, the proposing school should set out how:
the proposed revised programme will be structured
the revised structure will allow the student(s) to meet the programme learning outcomes.
Note: It is particularly important that any waiver or change to compulsory modules is justified in relation to the programme learning outcomes.
AD PERSONAM PROGRAMMES FOR INDIVIDUAL STUDENTS
A school proposes an ad personam programme variation through the Exams team.
Use the Request for ad personam programme variation approval form. Email this to: examinationsconf@leeds.ac.uk.
The Exams team will seek approval from the relevant Pro-Dean for Student Education. If the request is approved, the Programmes and Assessment team will make the necessary changes directly in the student record within Banner.
Note: an ad personam programme is approved for the named student only. To use it for other students, you must get permission again from the Faculty Taught Student Education Committee (FTSEC).
AD HOC CHANGES TO A PROGRAMME
A school proposes an ad hoc programme variation through the Quality Assurance team (QAT).
 
Use Part B of the apppropriate programme proposal form (undergraduate or postgraduate) to provide details of the new ad hoc programme variation, see programme proposal forms. QAT will then seek approval from the relevant Pro-Dean/FTSEC.
When the changes have been approved, you need to make them in the programme catalogue entry, so they are implemented for all students in the cohort.
An ad hoc programme will be approved for a specified cohort of students only. To use it for subsequent cohorts, you must again get approval from the Pro-Dean/FTSEC.
Schools must:
Complete full documentation for the ad hoc programme, including specifying the rules for eligibility for awards where these differ from the normal arrangements.
Ensure that the proposed modules comprise a coherent and logical choice, consistent with the intended programme learning outcomes.
Check the acceptability of the arrangement with all participating schools and any external partners.
Clear any practical difficulties, such as normal pre-requisites, which might have to be set aside.
Discuss, where appropriate, the proposed ad hoc arrangements with the relevant external examiner(s) and keep a record of such discussions
STUDENT FINANCE
Find out about student funding, fees and charges, scholarships and bursaries and where students experiencing financial difficulties can get support.

ADMISSIONS
Guidance to help us in our aim to recruit the brightest and best students from all backgrounds through fair, consistent and transparent admissions processes.
 
STUDENT OPPORTUNITY
We provide many student opportunities including paid and volunteer roles in Leeds, the UK and abroad. Such activities can enhance a student's academic learning and work-related skills.
 
Opportunities are offered both through the curriculum and through a broad range of co-curricular activities offered and supported by the University, Leeds University Union or the wider community.
STUDENT OPPORTUNITY-RELATED POLICIES
Student opportunity includes study abroad, placements and careers. Related documents are within this section.
 
Student opportunity includes study abroad, placements and careers. Related documents are within this section.
EQUALITY AND INCLUSION
Inclusiveness is one of the core University values. This framework explains how we will incorporate inclusiveness throughout our cultures, business and day-to-day organisational practice.

EQUALITY AND INCLUSION
Inclusiveness is one of the core University values. This framework explains how we will incorporate inclusiveness throughout our cultures, business and day-to-day organisational practice.
The equality and inclusion framework, on the Equality Policy Unit website, provides information about how equality and inclusiveness are integral to our culture.

 
LANGUAGE ATTAINMENT GUIDELINES FOR STUDY OR WORK ABROAD
Students studying or working abroad as part of their programme need to have a level of competence in the language in which they will be working. Guidelines are provided for schools.

LANGUAGE ATTAINMENT GUIDELINES FOR STUDY OR WORK ABROAD
Students studying or working abroad as part of their programme need to have a level of competence in the language in which they will be working. Guidelines are provided for schools.
Guidelines have been developed and approved by the Standing Group on Study Abroad.

 
PLACEMENT AND STUDY ABROAD - STUDENT SUPPORT
Students on placements or studying abroad continue to be Leeds students and we continue to provide support to them. Some aspects of support may differ from that provided in Leeds.
 

PLACEMENT AND STUDY ABROAD - STUDENT SUPPORT
Students on placements or studying abroad continue to be Leeds students and we continue to provide support to them. Some aspects of support may differ from that provided in Leeds.
The policy on placement and study abroad support (PDF) outlines the expectations of staff and students in relation to periods of study abroad or placements.

PLACEMENT LEADERS HANDBOOK
The Sub Group for Placement and Internships has developed a guide to support you in your role as a Placement Leader, Placement Year Academic Tutor or Placement Administrator.

PLACEMENT LEADERS HANDBOOK
The Sub Group for Placement and Internships has developed a guide to support you in your role as a Placement Leader, Placement Year Academic Tutor or Placement Administrator.
The purpose of this guide (DOC) is to provide you with easy access to University-wide documents and guidance which have been developed to support the placement process. 


STUDY ABROAD
Each year over 900 Leeds students study abroad and we welcome incoming study abroad students from all over the world.
 
STUDY ABROAD
Each year over 900 Leeds students study abroad and we welcome incoming study abroad students from all over the world.
Learn how to set up a new exchange, how to handle applications from incoming students and about the support available to study abroad coordinators.
CREATING NEW EXCHANGES
If you are thinking about setting up a new exchange for study abroad, please contact the Study Abroad Office and complete a proposal for a new study abroad agreement.
CREATING NEW EXCHANGES
If you are thinking about setting up a new exchange for study abroad, please contact the Study Abroad Office and complete a proposal for a new study abroad agreement.
HOW TO SET UP A NEW EXCHANGE
If you would like to set up a new exchange for study abroad, please contact the Study Abroad Office (SAO) before completing any documentation. The SAO will give you advice on what information you will need and discuss the general suitability of the proposed partner. This includes consideration about whether the link is likely to be reciprocal as all exchanges are based on one student in for one out.
For further information, please contact Ben Oldham (Study Abroad Manager).
PROCESS AFTER CONTACTING THE STUDY ABROAD OFFICE 
The proposer must complete a proposal for a new study abroad agreement and a partner report before a new study abroad partner can be approved.
If the university is an existing partner, a partner report is not necessary. A partner report can be completed by the proposed partner however this should be checked and, if necessary, added to by the proposing school. A site visit is recommended before a new agreement is created although this is at the discretion of the proposing school.
If you are considering language preparation content for a new proposal then please refer to the Language Attainment Guidelines.
The completed proposal documents for a new student exchange agreement should be submitted in the first instance to the relevant School Taught Student Education Committee (STSEC) and then to the Study Abroad Programme Approval Group (SAPAG).
The STSEC will consider the proposal with regard to:  a) the academic coherence of the programme;  b) the linguistic preparedness of outgoing students;  c) the likelihood of student demand in both directions such that the exchange will be balanced;  d) the suitability of the partner institution, including national and international ranking and professional accreditations, where relevant;  e) the student support arrangements, as described in the partner report;  f) if consideration has been given to creating partnerships with existing partners
The SAPAG will review the recommendation of the STSEC and also consider the wider institutional strategic fit. SAPAG decisions will be communicated to the proposer and the relevant STSEC. SAPAG has a meeting schedule to consider proposals but can also approve proposals outside of the meetings to expedite the process as appropriate. SAPAG is chaired by a Pro-Dean for International and includes Study Abroad office staff and School Study Abroad Coordinators.
No arrangement can be implemented unless it has been approved in full by the Study Abroad Programme Approval Group. The Study Abroad office will then negotiate the formal legal agreement and arrange for the partnership to be advertised to students.

STUDY ABROAD COORDINATORS
If you are a study abroad coordinator or administrator, you can find more information on the Study Abroad Office organisation on Minerva and also on the Study Abroad sharepoint site.
STUDY ABROAD COORDINATORS
If you are a study abroad coordinator or administrator, you can find more information on the Study Abroad Office organisation on Minerva and also on the Study Abroad sharepoint site.
STUDY ABROAD COORDINATORS AND ADMINISTRATORS
Each school has a study abroad coordinator who works closely with the Study Abroad Office (SAO) to support students applying for, and taking part in, a study abroad year.
Further information for study abroad coordinators and administrators is available from the SAO organisation on Minerva.
How to enrol in the SAO Minerva organisation:

Log in to Minerva via this link, which will take you to our Welcome page. 
Follow the brief enrolment instructions provided on that page.
The organisation will be listed under your 'organisations', which you can view by clicking on the 'teach' tab
You can also request to join our Sharepoint site for staff. Please contact us to request access.
NEW MEMBERS OF STAFF
If you are a new study abroad coordinator or administrator, please get in touch so that we can arrange for you to meet with key staff in the Study Abroad Office and answer any questions you may have.

TRANSITION TO AND FROM STUDY ABROAD
Read more about students' experiences of the transition to and from study abroad.

COORDINATOR WORKSHOPS
A series of workshops for study abroad coordinators and administrators is run throughout the year with different themes.
 
COORDINATOR WORKSHOPS
A series of workshops for study abroad coordinators and administrators is run throughout the year with different themes.
WORKSHOPS FOR STUDY ABROAD COORDINATORS/ADMINISTRATORS
Throughout the academic year, we run a series of events specifically for study abroad coordinators and administrators. These workshops are themed to coincide with the study abroad calendar of events and student activity. Invitations to the workshops are sent out via Outlook so that you can add the dates and locations to your calendar. 
NEW MEMBERS OF STAFF
If you are a new member of staff and believe that you have missed out on an invitation, please get in touch with the Study Abroad Office and we will send you the details.

LEEDS INTERNATIONAL SUMMER SCHOOL
Since 2010 Leeds International Summer School (LISS) has attracted students from all over the world to take part in an academic, cultural and social programme lasting two – four weeks in July.  The credit-bearing programme is diverse and attracts students from all over the world. 

Following incremental growth over 8 years, LISS 2019 saw a tripling of student numbers to almost 300. This growth reflects the deliberate positioning of LISS as an important contributor to the University’s International Strategy and Global Opportunities Plan.   
We are looking for academic staff and Postgraduate Researchers who are interested in delivering teaching as part of LISS. Find out more a below, or contact the LISS Manager, Lisa Beare. Full details of the programme are on the LISS website. 
WHY LISS MATTERS 
Our aim is to continue to grow the International Summer School based on the following benefits.  
INSTITUTIONAL  
The summer school has potential for income generation to re-invest in student mobility, for example widening participation scholarships and outgoing summer school bursaries.    
LISS is offered on exchange (i.e. with a tuition fee waiver) for key strategic partners which is offset against our full-year outgoing students enabling more of our students to be mobile. We are unable to meet current demand for our outgoing students as we do not attract sufficient incoming students from the destinations our students prefer. The summer school therefore plays a significant role in maintaining outgoing opportunities at these institutions.    
LISS is also used to target markets for PGT/PGR recruitment. According to the end of LISS survey, 80% of LISS students seek information about further study at Leeds.    
Hosting an international summer school supports our international profile and can often be an offer to emerging partners without the need to set up full student exchanges. Arrangements are made for group bookings at strategic partners for example where traditional exchange is unlikely to be viable.   
SCHOOL AND FACULTY  
LISS supports the international strategy of Schools and Faculties and delivering teaching as part of the summer school offers the following benefits:  
Showcase teaching and research strengths to prospective Postgraduate students.   
Provide Professional Development for staff and PGR through tailoring and delivering existing modules or building new 10 credit modules.   
Pilot new disciplinary or interdisciplinary modules.    
Transferability of content and methods to support internationalisation of the curriculum.  
Contribution to ensuring outgoing places continue to be available to students through the exchange agreements and outgoing summer schools.   
Provides an infrastructure to accommodate school or faculty requests to develop bespoke summer schools.  
INDIVIDUAL BENEFIT - FOR LISS MODULE LEADERS  
Opportunity for staff and Postgraduate Researchers to deliver intensive teaching to an international audience 
Staff are financially rewarded    
Staff enjoy the overall LISS experience, leading modules and teaching LISS students 
MODULE DETAILS 
LISS modules usually: 
are level 1 and worth 10 credits 
are delivered over 2 weeks (either block one or block two of the summer school)  
involve a minimum of 24 hours of seminar-style teaching over 8 days (usually mornings 9.30am – 12.30pm)  
include a full day field trip led by the module leader/teaching assistant 
have small class sizes – minimum of 9 and maximum of 30   
are taught above workload   
can be taught by one module leader, or by two or more members of staff. NB Postgraduate Researchers are encouraged to lead modules and/or deliver teaching if they have teaching experience. 
have coursework assessments e.g. written work, presentations, reflective logs, portfolios, reports (there is no exam period) 
Details of current LISS modules are available on the LISS website and you can download the LISS Module Tutor job role and the LISS Module Teaching Assistant role. Please contact the LISS Team if your School or Faculty is seeking to develop an international summer opportunity that does not fit the standard LISS model outlined above e.g. upper level module, non-credit bearing, longer/shorter than two weeks etc. It may still be possible to take advantage of the infrastructure of LISS e.g. admissions, programming, student experience etc. for these models. 
STAFF PROFILES

Stacey Mottershaw, Teaching Fellow

 
I joined the Leeds International Summer School (LISS) as module leader for 'Applied Ethics for Business and Society' in 2019. It was nice to have the opportunity to create a new module on a topic that I was particularly interested in, and my experience of submitting a new module to our PAG gave me an insight into the quality assurance process undertaken at Leeds.
I thoroughly enjoyed teaching the module and although I was initially concerned about teaching a 100% international cohort, I was pleasantly surprised at the high academic calibre and English language skills of my students. Teaching the module intensively over two weeks of the summer was a novel and rewarding experience; in addition to giving me space to try out new techniques with a smaller class, it allowed me to fully focus on and engage with the module and my students without the distractions of a usual semester.
The timing of the module also allowed me to reflect on my teaching ahead of the following academic year. In terms of my own professional development, I used my experience of leading the module in my PRiSE application, following which I was successfully awarded Fellowship of the Higher Education Academy (FHEA, Advance HE) in December 2019.
In summary, I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending LISS to colleagues - the team have been a pleasure to work with and I thoroughly enjoyed delivering a module as part of this key international activity.
Ian Sapiro, Associate Professor

 
I’ve been teaching a course on ‘Music in Film’ as part of LISS for the past four years, and each year has brought something different. The students come from a wide range of backgrounds – geographic, cultural and educational, not to mention (specifically for my module) musical and filmic – and this usually leads to a rich and varied classroom experience.
I have learned to think differently about my points of reference and what might be considered general knowledge in my subject area, and I think this has been of benefit to me when developing and delivering my teaching to the students on our undergraduate Music degree courses.
I have always found the students on LISS to be engaging and enthusiastic, and the experience of teaching them to be fulfilling and (believe it or not) fun. Similarly, the LISS team is very easy to work with, well organised, excellent communicators and very supportive of the academics delivering the modules.
TIMELINE FOR MODULE LEADERS 
September – October 
LISS Team to liaise with Schools and academic colleagues to confirm delivery of new and existing modules  
September - January 
Submit proposals for new modules / module amendments to relevant School Taught Student Education Committee or Programme Approval Group (PAG) for approval   
January - March 
Submit proposals for new modules and major module amendments to Cross Institution PAG for approval and report minor amendments to Cross Institution Taught Student Education Committee  
Confirm preferred module field trip(s) with LISS team  
May 
Update module information on the LISS Minerva organisation  
June 
Receive details of students enrolled on your module and write an e-mail to introduce yourself, the module and the pre-arrival readings/tasks  
July 
Deliver the module and return hard copy feedback forms at the end of teaching  
August 
Marking and moderation deadline is two weeks after the end of LISS and the assessment board is usually held in late August 


EMPLOYABILITY
Our employability strategy which encourages students to decide, plan and compete contributes to the good reputation our graduates have with employers.
 EMPLOYABILITY
Our employability strategy which encourages students to decide, plan and compete contributes to the good reputation our graduates have with employers.
Find out about the ways the Careers Centre can support schools and faculties to support their students. Remember that many schools and faculties have people within the school or faculty with an employability remit.
WHAT THE CAREERS CENTRE OFFERS
The Careers Centre runs events and offers a wide range of resources including a database of employment opportunities to help students prepare for the job market.
WHAT THE CAREERS CENTRE OFFERS
The Careers Centre runs events and offers a wide range of resources including a database of employment opportunities to help students prepare for the job market.
WHAT IS THE CAREERS CENTRE?
The Careers Centre supports students to help them decide, plan and compete in a global graduate job market. Staff can find out more about what they do through a dedicated area of their website.
AT THE CAREERS CENTRE
To support students in making decisions and developing the skills to make successful applications to work or for further study, the Careers Centre offers:

drop in sessions
guidance appointments
mock interviews
eGuidance.
The resources room has up-to-date information to support students in making decisions, planning their future and competing with other graduates in the labour market.
IN FACULTY
The Careers Centre offers a range of support in faculty including: 

Careers Modules
drop-in sessions
bespoke information and advice sessions
information and resources to support faculty staff.
EVENTS
The Careers Centre organises a range of events including fairs, workshops and presentations run by graduate employers and careers staff. These events aim to help students to make career decisions and network with graduate employers and further study providers.
EXCLUSIVE VACANCY DATABASE
The Careers Centre has an exclusive database of employment opportunities for University of Leeds students and graduates. 
WORK-RELATED EXPERIENCE
There are many work experience opportunities available to University of Leeds students, including 12-month placements, summer internships and insight days. 
 
WORK-RELATED EXPERIENCE
There are many work experience opportunities available to University of Leeds students, including 12-month placements, summer internships and insight days. 
12-MONTH PLACEMENTS
All students at the University of Leeds are able to undertake a placement year as part of their degree. Students take the work placement after year 2, and extend their degree to 4 years. For more information, visit the Careers Centre website.
SUMMER INTERNSHIPS AND INSIGHT DAYS
Many of the organisations that offer 12-month placements also offer summer internships (these usually last 8-12 weeks) as well as insight days (1-2 days often in the Christmas or Easter holidays), which allow students to gain an insight into a sector, organisation and role. For more information, visit the Careers Centre website.
THE LEEDS INTERNSHIP PROGRAMME 
The Leeds Internship Programme offers first, second and penultimate year undergraduates a variety of paid 12 month placements and 8-12 week summer internships. Host organisations include local Small and Medium sized Enterprises (SMEs), charities and University of Leeds departments as well as exclusive opportunities in the local offices of large organisations such as Unilever. More information is available on the Careers Centre website, and students can register their interest in the Leeds Internship Programme by completing this online form.
GRADUATE INTERNSHIPS
Graduate internships (also via the Leeds Internship Programme) are paid 10-12 week projects for recent graduates in Leeds and the surrounding area. Projects start in the autumn. More information is available on the Careers Centre website, and students can register their interest in the Leeds Internship Programme by completing this online form.
HOW THE CAREERS CENTRE CAN HELP
The Careers Centre can help with the application process including advice on writing CVs, covering letters and applications as well as hints and tips for interviews and assessment centres. University of Leeds students are highly sought-after, and many large recruiters advertise with us. Students can access vacancies on the Careers Centre’s exclusive online database.
ENTERPRISE
The Spark team and Enterprise Centre offer support and resources for students who are thinking about setting up their own businesses.
 
ENTERPRISE
The Spark team and Enterprise Centre offer support and resources for students who are thinking about setting up their own businesses.
SPARK
Around a third of students intend to start their own business. The Spark team, based in the Careers Centre, offers advice and in some cases, funding for business start-ups.
The dedicated Spark team offers:
workshops covering all areas of business start-up
one-to-one business advice
Enterprise Scholarships
incubation uniform start-up businesses
an annual business plan competition
boot camps
access to funding
ENTERPRISE CENTRE
The Enterprise Centre is the focal point for enterprise education and research on campus. The Enterprise Centre offers:
Enterprise modules at undergraduate and postgraduate level
Postgraduate MSc Enterprise
The Year in Enterprise programme
Undergraduate ‘with enterprise’ programme

JOBLINK
If students are looking for extra money or experience, Joblink gives them access to a database of temporary or part time jobs.
 JOBLINK
If students are looking for extra money or experience, Joblink gives them access to a database of temporary or part time jobs.
WHAT IS JOBLINK?
Joblink is a service provided by Leeds University Union that students can use to find part time or temporary jobs.
Joblink can be accessed either through the Joblink office based in Leeds University Union or via its online presence.
The online vacancy database allows students to search for jobs by hours, pay, location or type and includes jobs from with the Union, the University and across Leeds and West Yorkshire.
EMPLOYABILITY NETWORK
The Employability Network provides an opportunity for colleagues engaged in employability activity across the University of Leeds to meet to discuss successes and challenges, identify areas for collaboration, receive information from relevant University colleagues and to provide information and raise issues and business for the Employability Strategy Group.
 
EMPLOYABILITY NETWORK
The Employability Network provides an opportunity for colleagues engaged in employability activity across the University of Leeds to meet to discuss successes and challenges, identify areas for collaboration, receive information from relevant University colleagues and to provide information and raise issues and business for the Employability Strategy Group.
The format is informal, usually over lunchtime and typically involving a couple of short presentations from staff, students or external speakers followed by open discussion. Additional events are offered throughout the year to members such as training and opportunities to meet graduate employers. There is a SharePoint site which provides a virtual space for members of the University's Employability Network, or any staff with an interest in student and graduate employability, to share information, updates, employer and employability news, discuss – and get support with – issues, ideas or initiatives.
Anyone interested in joining the network - or in finding the date and time of the next meeting - should contact Kate Wortley: K.Wortley@leeds.ac.uk
PLACEMENT LEADERS FORUM
Colleagues who are involved in organising student placements are encouraged to join this forum to share information and ideas.

PLACEMENT LEADERS FORUM
Colleagues who are involved in organising student placements are encouraged to join this forum to share information and ideas.
The Placement Leaders Forum provides an opportunity for colleagues engaged in work placement activity across the University of Leeds to meet to discuss successes and challenges, identify areas for collaboration, receive information from relevant University committees and to provide information and raise issues and business for the Sub Group for Placements and Internships.
Meetings take place twice a year in the autumn and spring following the meeting of the Sub Group for Placements and Internships. Participants will join a mailing list and receive relevant communications about work placement related events or developments.
To join the Forum and mailing list please contact:
Emily Timson
Assistant Head of Student Placement
Email: E.J.Timson@leeds.ac.uk



INTERNATIONALISING THE CAMPUS
We are proud that our campus is truly global and that it is home to staff and students from all over the world. We provide a welcoming environment through intercultural activities and services for international students.
 Suggestions are given for how you can encourage students to meet up with others of all nationalities or even become an Intercultural Ambassador. There's also a range of advice for staff about the support the International Student Office can provide.
INTERNATIONAL STUDENT OFFICE
Find out how the International Student Office supports international students and when to refer students to them with queries relating to immigration and visas.
INTERNATIONAL STUDENT OFFICE
Find out how the International Student Office supports international students and when to refer students to them with queries relating to immigration and visas.
You can also read the information for students about the International Student Office on the SES student website. 
International Student Office comprises two teams: a team of immigration advisers, and the Global Community team (international welcome support and intercultural opportunities for all students).  
The immigration advisers provide individual advice to students on visas and immigration. Global Community team develop and run activities and projects to support international students and intercultural experiences in Leeds.
PARTNERSHIP WITH STAFF
The International Student Office supports and works with staff across the University, Leeds University Union and in external organisations. They:
provide a referral point for staff working with international students and their families
collaborate in the development and delivery of intercultural and international-student-friendly services and activities
give general information and advice on supporting international students
provide training in international student support and cultural awareness
help promote the University’s international student services to visitors and sponsors
HOW THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENT OFFICE CAN HELP
If you have any queries relating to immigration, welcome, orientation, or intercultural experience, you can direct international students to the International Student Office.
WHEN TO REFER A STUDENT
Please direct students to us for help and advice if they:
have an immigration question before or after coming to Leeds
need to extend their visa to stay in the UK
have to take re-sit examinations and need immigration advice
are considering changing to part-time study and need immigration advice
are considering withdrawal or suspension and need immigration advice
are bringing a partner or family to the UK
need advice about their right to work or volunteer in the UK
need guidance on preparing to come to Leeds
need assistance with UK systems or services
feel homesick or have difficulty adjusting to life in the UK
want access to more social opportunities with other UK or international students
want to take part in intercultural activities
want more involvement in the local community
HOW TO REFER A STUDENT
explain our service and where we are (see contact details below)
explain why you are referring the student and why it is important they receive specialist advice
encourage the student to contact us and to have all necessary documents with them when they are seeking immigration advice. A student’s passport and visa are needed for immigration related questions. 
refer students to relevant sections of leeds.ac.uk and students.leeds.ac.uk:
Pre-arrival information including travel and support, what to bring and immigration, is in the Preparing for Leeds and Visas and Immigration sections of www.leeds.ac.uk/international  
Online international orientation settling-in guide for international students https://students.leeds.ac.uk/orientation  
Immigration information  https://students.leeds.ac.uk/visa  
IMMIGRATION
The advisers in the International Student Office are the only people in the University allowed by law to give immigration advice to students. This includes:
applying for visas overseas
visa extensions in the UK
immigration restrictions related to resits, suspension, withdrawal and part-time study
immigration issues for dependants and visitors.
POINTS-BASED SYSTEM (PBS)
Under Tier 4 of PBS, the University’s relationship has changed from that of education provider to academic sponsor. There are now laws which require us to report students to the Home Office in certain circumstances. These are:
failure to register
poor attendance
withdrawal from course
suspensions for longer than 60 days
extensions to end dates
early completion of course
changes of courses or programmes.
You can read more about our responsibilities in the Home Office Policy Guidance for Tier 4 Sponsors.
ATTENDANCE MONITORING
The attendance of all students must be monitored by the parent school and recorded on the University’s attendance monitoring systems. Read the University’s Attendance monitoring policy and guidance for schools for more information.
TIER 4 TIME LIMITS
Most international students are now subject to a cap on the amount of time they can spend on their studies. For students studying below degree level, the limit is usually three years. For those at degree level and above the limit is usually five years or eight years in the case of PhD students. For more information, visit our Tier 4 time limits page.
MISCELLANEOUS RESEARCH STUDENTS
A person who is coming to the UK to undertake study must hold either a Short-term study Visa or a Tier 4 (General) student visa. If the person already has some other form of visa they should contact the International Student Office for advice before travelling – it may be that if they commence full time study on that visa, they may be in breach of their current visa regulations and depending on the type of visa they already hold, not able to apply for a student visa from within the UK.
If you are inviting a student to the UK for a period of miscellaneous research, please contact the International Student Office in the first instance to ensure that the University remains compliant with our legal responsibilities.
CONTACT US
International Student Office internationalstudents@leeds.ac.uk for visa and immigration advice,  
internationalwelcome@leeds.ac.uk for questions related to preparing to come to and arriving in Leeds, and assistance with other issues related to being a student from outside the UK. 
globalcommunity@leeds.ac.uk for questions about intercultural activities.
GLOBAL COMMUNITY
Global Community encourages students to find out about different cultures, travel and international issues. They can get involved as Intercultural Ambassadors or by staying in Ellerslie Global Residence.
 
GLOBAL COMMUNITY
Global Community encourages students to find out about different cultures, travel and international issues. They can get involved as Intercultural Ambassadors or by staying in Ellerslie Global Residence.
GLOBAL COMMUNITY OPPORTUNITIES
Global Community opportunities help UK and international students feel part of one global community and develop cultural awareness and other skills valued by employers. As well as supporting staff to develop intercultural opportunities, they help to connect students from different cultural backgrounds through activities such as:

Global Cafe
Intercultural Ambassadors Programme 
Ellerslie Global Residence
Language and cultural exchange.
INTERCULTURAL AMBASSADORS PROGRAMME
Each year a group of UK and international students become University of Leeds Intercultural Ambassadors. The volunteer programme is an opportunity for students to increase cultural awareness and intercultural communication skills, make new friends and get experience of multicultural teamwork, project development and activity management. The ambassadors will receive training and mentor support to develop and run intercultural projects which connect students from different backgrounds and help them to get the most out of being part of our global community.
Students who wish to take part in the Programme can find out how to apply on the Global Community webpages.
ELLERSLIE GLOBAL RESIDENCE
Ellerslie Global Residence, on the University campus, offers an opportunity for undergraduates from the UK and all over the world to live together in a friendly, lively and comfortable environment and share the experience of university life. Ellerslie Global Residence is an intercultural home for 50% UK and 50% international students who benefit from a uniquely diverse social life and the opportunity to broaden their horizons, develop cross-cultural skills and build a global network of friends. For students interested in practising different languages, the diversity of students in Ellerslie also offers the possibility of language exchange opportunities.
Students can apply to live in Ellerslie Global Residence and find more information on the University accommodation website.
FIND A LANGUAGE EXCHANGE PARTNER
If students are interested in developing language skills, by practising and interacting with native speakers of many different languages on campus, there are a range of opportunities available. More details can be found on the Global Community webpages.
Students can also meet at Global Cafe or in the Language Zone where they can access multi-media materials including films and TV to watch with their language exchange partners in the language they’re interested in.
CULTURAL EXCHANGE VISITS
The University has teamed up with HOST UK to link international students and British families for a weekend of cultural exchange. International students who want to visit a British home or British students whose family would like to host an international student for a visit can find out more about how to apply on the Global Community webpages.

GLOBAL CAFE
We encourage students of all nationalities, including UK students, to meet up and get involved with the Global Cafe+ themed events.

GLOBAL CAFE
We encourage students of all nationalities, including UK students, to meet up and get involved with the Global Cafe+ themed events.
GLOBAL CAFE ON MONDAYS
Students can meet new people from around the world or catch up with friends at the free weekly Global Cafe. Students will have access to free tea, coffee and biscuits and have the opportunity to speak with fellow UK and international students from all over the world. Global Cafe takes place every Monday (except bank holidays) from 5.30pm - 7.30pm in Leeds University Union. More information can be found on the Global Community webpages.
GLOBAL CAFE+
Global Cafe+ events are themed events held once a month to coincide with Global Cafe. The events celebrate a particular student society, history month, holiday or encourage attendees to learn a new skill. More details are available through the Global Community webpages and Leeds University Union events webpage.
THE LEEDS CURRICULUM
The Leeds Curriculum provides students with an outstanding education through our pioneering approach to teaching. Students at Leeds are encouraged to broaden their intellectual horizons and make the most of a wealth of co-curricular activities. This equips them to succeed in a competitive global employment market and to make a difference to the world around them.
 
ABOUT THE LEEDS CURRICULUM
The Leeds Curriculum aims to produce graduates who stand out as a result of the knowledge, skills and attributes they have gained.  
 
ABOUT THE LEEDS CURRICULUM
The Leeds Curriculum aims to produce graduates who stand out as a result of the knowledge, skills and attributes they have gained.  
Their ability to talk clearly and confidently about their experiences also makes our graduates distinctive and is complemented by co-curricular learning opportunities through LeedsforLife. 
THE LEEDS CURRICULUM
The curriculum has three key components: 
RESEARCH-BASED LEARNING
Joining an academic community, a student begins their undergraduate journey learning about the latest research. As they progress through their programme, they will develop skills and knowledge and ultimately experience research first-hand in their final year project, supervised by staff who themselves are engaged in cutting-edge research.
PROGRAMME THREADS
Each programme incorporates the following:  
Employability - raising awareness of key attributes and skills and developing these to help our students realise their career aspirations.
Global and cultural insight - there will be opportunities to engage with and value multiple perspectives (social, geographic, political, economic, legal, environmental and technological) and acknowledging and appreciating diversity.
Ethics and responsibility - engaging with ethical issues to demonstrate how to act responsibly and professionally and to make informed decisions.
BROADENING THROUGH DISCOVERY THEMES
Broadening enables students to explore key questions that will affect their future lives. It develops intellectual flexibility and enables them to compete and contribute in the workplace and wider society and have further opportunities to enrich their education, for example, through study abroad and work experience. Students can broaden their intellectual horizons within or outside their degree programme(s) by studying modules within ten interdisciplinary Discovery Themes.
DISCOVERY THEMES
There are hundreds of discovery modules available. These are grouped into Discovery Themes and associated sub-themes, bringing together related teaching from across the University. Students will benefit from this coordinated and structured means to broadening their learning. They can choose modules which might explore a specific subject, issue or skill within or beyond their chosen subject. The Leeds for Life website gives further guidance to students.

BROADENING EDUCATION CHOICES
Students can broaden their intellectual horizons outside or within their subject areas through discovery themes and other opportunities made available to them.
BROADENING EDUCATION CHOICES
Students can broaden their intellectual horizons outside or within their subject areas through discovery themes and other opportunities made available to them.
Below you can find detailed information about our core programme threads - which should be incorporated into all students' courses - and the discovery themes and modules which students can take to broaden their education.
Core programme threads

The core programme threads of employability, global and cultural insight and ethics and responsibility should be incorporated into all programmes in the context of the discipline to guarantee all students are exposed to each of them whatever course or modules they take. 

All University of Leeds programmes will provide:

exposure for all students to all threads
exposure to threads at more than one level
assessment of activities which constitute the threads ie, students will be able to show evidence of their exposure to, and progression within the threads, by reference to formative or summative assessments or learning activities. 
Broadening and discovery themes

Adaptive
To allow students to adapt the knowledge from their primary discipline in different ways and to different contexts, which could take the form of:
Testing of discipline-specific knowledge in relation to other academic contexts, approaches and debates; thus developing inter-disciplinary perspectives and sharpening vital transferable skills in critical thinking, evidence evaluation, debate, communications etc.
Adapting discipline-specific knowledge to contexts (both vocational and non-vocational) beyond the University.
Training to develop skills (languages, IT, communication techniques) which could enable a broader and more flexible approach to the primary discipline, and/or an approach applying  disciplinary understanding to  specific careers contexts.
Specific skills development to reinforce the employability outcomes of the primary degree subject, including placements, project work, collaborative work.
Supplementary

To allow students to undertake subjects outside of their main discipline, this could include:
Opportunities to undertake modules outside their discipline to address personal interests or explore new ideas, under particular themes.
Opportunities to diversify the individual student curriculum to address an identified need (such as a second subject for those going into secondary school teaching or the acquisition of a language to enable an international profession).
Opportunities to add academic value to the University of Leeds graduate; this is potentially an alternative logic for modules developing skills/understanding of foreign languages, computing, etc.
Opportunities to gain understanding of commercial environments, enterprise and entrepreneurship.
It has been agreed that the Discovery Themes define the breadth of the curriculum. Most students will engage with Broadening through taking Discovery Modules but some will engage with the Discovery Themes through their programme of study.
Discovery theme

‘A coordinated and structured series of related discovery modules allowing sustained exploration of a specific subject, issue or skill which lies beyond the primary disciplinary content of a student’s programme.’

Discovery themes:
have a clear focus but include a range of alternative modules – allowing choice for students and some flexibility in timetabling around study for the home degree
offer modules over at least 2 levels (and ideally 3 levels) to allow for progression
are constructed so as to ensure that a student who exits after study at only one level also has a satisfactory and stimulating experience are sufficiently flexible to accommodate unorthodox progression paths – eg a student who begins a strand at L1, exits for a year and subsequently re-enters, or a student who exits one strand after L1 and begins another at L2. In some cases, however, such ‘transfers’ would continue to be subject to completion of an appropriate prerequisite.
Discovery modules

Discovery modules should:

be appropriate to be taken by students from outside the discipline
provide opportunities for student engagement in addition to large-group lecturing so as to facilitate deeper learning and academic/ social interaction between individuals drawn from different degree programmes
normally be 10 or 20 credits so that they can be more readily accommodated within the home programme of the discovery student
prerequisites for discovery modules are discouraged to allow student mobility. Where prerequisites are necessary, they should be as wide as possible (eg maths at A level or skills requirement) and avoid listing specific modules. Where modules are listed, they should be Discovery modules and ideally a range of Discovery modules from a relevant Discovery Theme
All discovery modules will form part of a discovery theme. The themes are:

Creating Sustainable Futures
Enterprise and Innovation
Ethics, Religion and Law
Exploring the Sciences
Languages and Intercultural Understanding
Media, Culture and Creativity
Mind and Body
Personal and Professional Development
Power and Conflict
Technology and its Impacts
Discovery Theme and sub-theme titles, as well as contact details for Discovery Theme Leaders are available on the Discovery Themes website


 
CORE PROGRAMME THREADS
The Core Programme Threads should be incorporated into all programmes in the context of the discipline to guarantee that all students are exposed to each of them, whatever programme or modules they take.
 
CORE PROGRAMME THREADS
The Core Programme Threads should be incorporated into all programmes in the context of the discipline to guarantee that all students are exposed to each of them, whatever programme or modules they take.
All Leeds programmes will provide:

Exposure for all students to all threads;
Exposure to threads at more than one level; and
Assessment of activities which constitute the threads (i.e. students will be able to show evidence of their exposure to, and progression within, the Threads by reference to formative or summative assessment or learning activities).
The Core Programme Threads are defined as follows:
ETHICS AND RESPONSIBILITY
The programme should provide opportunities for students to engage with the ethical issues of the discipline and to demonstrate how, more generally, to behave responsibly and professionally. As a result, a student/graduate should be:

Ethically aware;
Self-aware;
Reflective and critical; and
A considered and informed decision maker.
GLOBAL AND CULTURAL INSIGHT
The programme should provide opportunities for students to engage with multiple perspectives (e.g. social, geographic, political, economic, legal, environmental and technological). As a result, a student/graduate should be equipped to:

Acknowledge and appreciate the implications of diversity;
Reflect on the value of having multiple perspectives;
Engage with the international issues and the development of the programme content; and
Be effective in a range of contexts.
EMPLOYABILITY
The programme should provide opportunities for students to develop the attributes that will make them employable. As a result, a student/graduate should be:

Aware of the skills they need to be employable;
Able to articulate and provide evidence of their skills in a range of circumstances (academic and employment);
Ready to compete for opportunities and be successful in the workplace; and
A lifelong learner who is effective in a work environment. 


ENHANCING TEACHING AND RESEARCH-BASED LEARNING
Research-based learning has always been at the core of our programmes. This page defines what research-based learning is and highlights the benefits of this approach.
 
ENHANCING TEACHING AND RESEARCH-BASED LEARNING
Research-based learning has always been at the core of our programmes. This page defines what research-based learning is and highlights the benefits of this approach.
RESEARCH-BASED LEARNING

Definition
All programmes will actively develop students’ independent research skills and provide students with opportunities to put these skills into practice such that at the culmination of the programme, students are able to undertake, with supervision, a final year project;
the characteristics of our research strengths will underpin all our programmes;
the latest research, including that produced by our own staff, will contribute to the curriculum; and
our students can articulate the benefits of their research-based experience, and describe the skills they’ve acquired and demonstrated.

Benefits of research-based learning

Our approach to RBL has many benefits for our students, which include:

The latest research, including that developed by our own staff, contributes to the curriculum of all our programmes – emphasising the ‘why’ and ‘how’ not just the facts.
Students are taught in the context of leading-edge research being undertaken on campus, without the inevitable time delay or potential misinterpretation that might arise from basing teaching on external research papers or text-books.
Students have access to resources on campus that are essential for high quality research-based learning.
Active engagement with research provides a more enjoyable and stimulating university experience.
Our academic community and our programmes produces graduates with the desire and skills to pursue new knowledge and a commitment to lifelong learning.
Graduates are able to articulate their desire to acquire new knowledge, the value of that process and the skills they have that enable them to do it.
Graduates perceive themselves to be able to generate knowledge for the future.
Graduates are well equipped to be attractive and successful in the employment market.

Principles
Research-based learning (RBL) is the fundamental basis of all our programmes and should be evident in all modules.  Even those that might be described as ‘basic’ in that the origins of basic knowledge once too must have derived from original research or thought.
It will be expected that even the most intensive research-active staff will engage with this agenda.
Within the context of the discipline, all undergraduate programmes will demonstrate explicitly the integration of research with learning and teaching, incorporating the development, practise and assessment of appropriate academic skills and competencies (‘academic literacy’).
RBL can be characterised as a journey, taking students from their school-based experience through research-led teaching to research-based learning – a journey from being taught to being autonomous, self-reliant, supported and supervised.  The Healey matrix provides a simple and widely applicable model to characterise that journey. The descriptors derived by staff at the University of Adelaide in their Research Skills Development Framework provide a more detailed depiction of the level of autonomy and research focus. It is unrealistic to imagine that any programme would lead to a simple linear journey from research-led (ie largely taught) to research-based (ie able to undertake research activity  autonomously), however, programmes should be able to describe a process by which students encounter predominantly teaching about research (content, methods, ethics, outcomes, critique, etc) in their early levels of study and engage in more self-directed, supervised research activity in later years, apply skills acquired earlier in their programmes of study. 
The programme as a whole should frame the RBL journey and within this all modules should be able to be located within the Healey matrix.  Schools should be able to demonstrate how any programme will take all students through the RBL journey from research-led teaching to research-based learning, irrespective of the options a student might choose.
Progression

All/the majority of modules will have some aspect of the RBL journey in them.  Schools should be able to identify where, within the Healey matrix, each module sits and therefore be able to demonstrate progression.  

Some modules might be specifically targeted at preparing a student for the journey (eg research skills), others might provide an opportunity to develop and practise the skills and attributes needed to enable them (eg in their final year) to complete a major piece of research-based learning (research project, dissertation).  

To assist programme teams with this task, the Group recommends that both the Healey matrix and the Adelaide Descriptors be used in conjunction to identify where modules within programmes align with the developmental process from research-led to research-based.

Mapping research-based learning in the curriculum

Active consideration of module mapping against the Healey Matrix/Adelaide descriptors would help to demonstrate the distinctive nature of our programmes, and it would be appropriate to ask DSEs, with the respective programme managers, to review the current status and to recommend changes through the S/FSECs. In the great majority of cases this exercise would involve highlighting where RBL already exists, rather than major modification.   Ongoing auditing of the RBL structure would need to be embedded in course approval, Annual Health Checks and, most importantly, the IPE.

A simple module audit, undertaken initially by module leaders/teams, to identify where within the matrix/descriptors a module predominantly aligns would be a useful starting point. SSECs (or subgroups thereof) may then provide an overview such as to assure the School that students do transit from largely research-led early in their studies to more research-based in final years. SSEC may also provide a checking service to ensure that a sample of modules across the programme have been appropriately labelled within the Matrix. The Matrix/Descriptors are self-explanatory; module leaders need simply consider the content, delivery and assessment of a module, and see how that best fits with the descriptions of student activity/focus.  An audit and mapping toolkit has been agreed to help Faculties and Schools evidence the presence of RBL.                      


FINAL YEAR PROJECT AND ASSESSMENT
All students at the University undertake an autonomous piece of research work known as a final year project as the culmination of their programme.
FINAL YEAR PROJECT AND ASSESSMENT
All students at the University undertake an autonomous piece of research work known as a final year project as the culmination of their programme.
This piece of work is seen by students as the pinnacle of their academic achievement, not only because of the academic rigour that is imposed on it by the University, but also because of the control they have to design, carry out and evaluate what they do.  It is often seen to represent the point at which students become truly members of a disciplinary group.

A summary of the characteristics of the Final Year Project is provided below and detailed guidelines have been developed for use by schools who are setting up new FYPs or reviewing existing arrangements to ensure they meet the requirements of the new Leeds Curriculum.

It has been agreed that this piece of work will have the following characteristics (the guidelines include additional requirements for joint honours programmes):

be compulsory for all undergraduate students who start their degree programme in 2014/15.
normally be at least 40 credits to recognise the significant contribution it makes to the University of Leeds curriculum. In exceptional circumstances, where the intellectual coherence of the programme would otherwise be undermined, a minimum of 20 credits would be acceptable. Any rating below 40 credits should be considered by the appropriate FTSEC which will need to be assured that the project provides an appropriate experience for the student to evidence their independent research skills
be assessed in a way which relates to it being a research based activity at undergraduate level
be supervised within the school (although there may be occasions where co-supervision is the best way forward, where this can be negotiated)
result in an individual report  responding to a question negotiated at the level of the individual student (which may fit together into a piece of work which a group could do)
be undertaken according to a research method defined by the student in their report 
See FYP options for Joint Honours programmes for further guidance.

Assessment

Best practice would be to consider double-blind marking. Where this is not possible, and where the main form of assessment is a piece of written work, then the assessment must be read by two markers, both of whom must be members of academic staff and one of whom must be independent of the setting or supervising of the project.  There must be a clear process for moderation where there are major discrepancies between markers.

See FYP marking recommendations for more information.          

HIGHER AND DEGREE APPRENTICESHIPS
ACCESS AND STUDENT SUCCESS
The Access and Student Success Teams support young people throughout their educational lifecycle. We work to engage with young people, mature learners and communities to access, succeed and progress through university to improve outcomes for under-represented groups.
 
WIDENING ACCESS
Widening access addresses patterns of under-representation in higher education. At Leeds we believe that students should have the opportunity to participate in higher education and realise their potential, regardless of their age, educational background or personal circumstances.
 
EDUCATIONAL ENGAGEMENT
The Educational Engagement Service works with primary and secondary schools, and further education colleges to support learners at every stage of their educational journey. We offer an extensive programme of outreach initiatives and events, aimed at a range of audiences.  
 
HIGHER EDUCATION TALKS AND WORKSHOPS
The Education Outreach Team works across the UK delivering talks and workshops in schools and providing on-campus study skills sessions and higher education experience days. Our aim is to inspire and inform primary, secondary and post-16 learners about the variety of opportunties and routes open to them when considering, and applying, to university.
SUBJECT SPECIFIC OUTREACH
We offer young learners the opportunity to explore and get enthused about different subject areas, whether that is a topic they already enjoy at school, or something completely different.  We provide subject-specific activities incorporating the arts, health sciences, social sciences and STEM disciplines.
ACCESS TO LEEDS
Access to Leeds is the University’s contextual admissions scheme for students who want to study an undergraduate degree with us but their background means they are less likely to attend university.  It is the largest widening access programme in the country with nearly 5,000 students considered for 2019 entry.
STUDENT TALENT SPOTTING
The Student Talent Spotting Team offer programmes of activity aimed at raising the aspirations and achievements of gifted and talented young people from disadvantaged backgrounds.  Our two key schemes are the Thomas Transition Programme for Year 11 students and Reach for Excellence for students in Years 12 and 13.
INTOUNIVERSTY
We have partnered with the national charity IntoUniversity to establish two community learning centres in Leeds.  We provide academic support, mentoring programmes and campus visits for young people aged 7-18 from disadvantaged backgrounds.
GO HIGHER WEST YORKSHIRE
We are a key partner in Go Higher West Yorkshire, a consortium of HE providers in our local area, working together to ensure that higher education is open to all who can benefit.  The core aim of the partnership is to connect partners to improve access to, success in, and progression from higher education for those from under-represented groups.


LIFELONG LEARNING CENTRE
The Lifelong Learning Centre (LLC) works to create opportunities for under-represented groups to access and enjoy the benefits of higher education. 

LLC’s Communities and Partnerships (C&P) Team has a great deal of experience in outreach and development work with community organisations and Further Education providers throughout West Yorkshire. Its activities are developed in close consultation with its partners in the community and in FE and it is committed to creating informal learning opportunities that encourage progression into HE by students from non-traditional backgrounds.
For further details on the programmes, pathways and support for adult, part time and foundation level students, please visit the Lifelong Learning Centre website.
STUDENT SUCCESS
Student success focuses on closing the gaps in outcomes which exist between specific groups of students in terms of non-continuation rates, degree attainment and progression.
 
STUDENT SUCCESS AT LEEDS
Student success is a University-wide effort. Achieving our ambitious targets involves the collaboration between academics, professional staff and students in the process of change. The Student Success Team support the undestanding, evaluation and sharing of good practice in relation to improving the outcomes of students from under-represented groups.
Research on student success informs us that closing the gaps in outcomes for students depends less on specific interventions and more on results from the implementation of a set of underpinning principles and an insitutional culture that fosters a sense of belonging.
Studies identify that this sense of belonging is achieved through: supportive peer relations; meaningful interactions between staff and students; the development of knowledge; confidence to identify as university learners; and an HE experience that is relevant to students’ interests and future goals.
THE STUDENT SUCCESS TEAM
The Student Success Team collates and analyses data to inform and develop support systems, resources and interventions to close gaps in attainment, continuation and progression amongst students from under-presesnted groups.
 
UNIVERSITY OF LEEDS STUDENT SUCCESS PROJECT TEAM
The core team sits within Educational Engagement and works closely with colleagues across the University including; the Plus Programme, LUU, Student Support, Leeds Intitute for Teaching Excellence, Skills@library and the School Academic Leads for Inclusive Practice, to help create an environment where all students have the greatest chance of being successful in their studies and beyond.
Key contacts: Katie Peyton-Lister, Student Success Project Manager & Dan Bond Student Success Project Officer
UNIVERSITY OF LEEDS STUDENT SUCCESS OFFICERS
Across the University, Student Success Officers are based in faculties, gathering, interpreting and responding to student engagement data.  Their work supports the assembly of an accurate and timely picture of ‘at risk’ students to facilitate a better understanding of effective means of support:
Tasha Aylett, Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences
Steven Clark, Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Cultures
Sam Gent, Faculty of Business
Ryan Grant, Faculty of Medicine and Health & Life Long Learning Centre
Jess Hankins, Faculty of Social Sciences
Alex Kingston, Faculty of Biological Sciences
Sophie Renville, Faculty of Environment
THE PLUS PROGRAMME
The Plus Programme provides targeted, on-course support to students from non-traditional backgrounds to help them make the transition to higher education, help create a sense of belonging and help them access additional support across the University.
The Plus Programme delivers a dedicated programme of activity and has three strands:
Retention (transition)
Student success (academic and personal)
Employability skills
The Plus Programme involves signposting students to existing services and helping students to build their confidence and aims for the future (whether they are considering postgraduate study or graduate employment).
Strand One helps to manage transition and student expectations by providing: pre-entry guidance (such as web articles written by current students); a pre-registration Welcome Day; and opportunities to build social support networks to foster a sense of belonging to Leeds.
Strand Two focuses on success and achievement and includes signposting students to Library services and bespoke study skills workshops. Students are also invited to attend workshops on public speaking and presentation skills.
Strand 3 provides opportunities to develop employability skills. Students receive emails about volunteering opportunities, internships, and job vacancies, as well as support with writing CVs and job interview skills.
The Scholarships Team also provides additional guidance appointments and pastoral support to students on a one-to-one basis.
Find out more about The Plus Programme.
LITE AND DECOLONISATION PROJECT
The Leeds Intitute for Teaching Excellence (LITE) promotes and supports innovation and excellence in teaching and disseminates outcomes for impact on student learning.

DECOLONISING THE CURRICULUM AT LEEDS
Dr Nina Wardelworth’s LITE project is at the heart of making the curriculum at Leeds more inclusive.  The project involves working with module leaders to make changes to their curricula to decolonise reading lists, case studies, and challenge the hidden curricula in higher education by integrating study skills and detailed preparation for field trips and placements into class time.
An inclusive curriculum design framework, including a toolkit, case studies and baseline standards, will be published in 2021 for review and implementation.
More information about the inclusive design projects, initiatives, and links to resources can be found on the LITE webpages and the Inclusive Curriculum Design Minerva Organisation.
ACCESS AND STUDENT SUCCESS STRATEGY
The Access and Student Success Strategy outlines the University’s vision and approach to ensuring students from all backgrounds are able to progress to, and benefit from, an enriching and successful experience at Leeds.
 
The strategy is set out across four pillars of the student lifecycle: access; continuation; attainment; and progression.  The fifth pillar ‘enablers’ outlines where we will focus our efforts to support the successful delivery of the strategy over the next 5 years.  You can download a copy of the strategy here:
A place where all students belong: Access and student success strategy 2025
The Access and Student Support Strategy Roadmap translates our goals and strategic vision into a cross-institutional implementation plan.  This resource outlines: the timeline for implementation; governance and accountability to support the strategy; strategic risks; and key stakeholders to engage. 
You can view the roadmap here.

ACCESS AND STUDENT SUCCESS RELATED REPORTS
Documents and resources here provide the latest sector-wide and institutional information surrounding access and student success.
ACCESS AND PARTICIPATION PLAN
Our Access and Participation Plan sets out how we work to improve equality of opportunity for under-represented groups to access further study, achieve success at university and progress to graduate level employment.
Download our Access and Participation Plan for 2020/21 – 2024/25
WIDENING PARTICIPATION ANNUAL REPORT
Our Widening Participation Annual Report provides an overview of the work undertaken by the University to widen access and maximise outreach and success.
Download our Widening Participation Plan for 2018/19
SENSE OF BELONGING
When students feel a sense of belonging, it can affect their motivation, academic success and well-being. This presentation provides some tips to help everyone understand it’s critical role, what it means for our students and advice on how you can embed sense of belonging into your teaching and activities
Supporting Sense of Belonging at Leeds 



LANGUAGES FOR ALL
Undergraduates can choose to improve their practical language skills through Languages for All to add to their experience at University.
 
WHAT IS LANGUAGES FOR ALL?
Languages for All, part of the School of Languages, Cultures and Societies, offers a range of language Discovery modules which students can take alongside their chosen programme of study. 
The Languages for All modules offers undergraduates the opportunity to develop language skills at a variety of levels from beginners to advanced, enabling them to pursue or continue with their passion for language study.  Students can choose a language which is completely new to them or continue a language that they have studied before.
The Languages for All modules are offered as part of Languages and Intercultural Understanding – one of the University’s 10 discovery themes with more information available on the Broadening website.
WHY LEARN A LANGUAGE WITH LANGUAGES FOR ALL?
Students can benefit from learning a language in the following ways:
Broaden horizons develop a global perspective as part of belonging to a global community
Challenge encourage themselves to do something different
Confidence meet new people and develop communication skills
Employability enhance their CV by the addition of a valuable workplace asset
Travel plan to make a trip, holiday or time abroad even more immersive
Study abroad help to achieve the right language level for study abroad and to prepare for what to expect culturally
Communication gaining and building practical language skills to be used universally
Cultural awareness promote diversity and unity through understanding of cultural differences and values


VOLUNTEERING
Students can access a comprehensive range of volunteering opportunities via the Volunteering Hub, including programmes such as Students into Schools and Volunteer in Sport.
 
WHY VOLUNTEER?
There are many opportunities for students to get involved with volunteering during their time in Leeds. These opportunities can enhance academic learning and skills in the workplace, making students more desirable to employers.
VOLUNTEERING HUB
The Volunteering Hub is a database which can be used to access hundreds of quality-assured volunteering opportunities with a broad range of charities across Leeds. Searches can be filtered by area of interest, organisation or Leeds for Life skill.
STUDENTS INTO SCHOOLS
This programme offers both accredited and voluntary placements in local primary and secondary schools. Seventeen accredited modules are offered across most disciplines: students combine the placement with an academic component in modules ranging from 10 to 30 credits.
Over 4,000 students have participated in the programme which is mutually beneficial to the University and school students. Placements usually run for a minimum of 10 weeks from April to October.
Students can also volunteer to run out-of-school activities, teach English as an additional language, or as a mentor or tutor.
VOLUNTEER IN SPORT
There are opportunities for students to help out with sporting events and activities, both inside and outside of the University, through the Volunteer in Sport programme.

LEEDS FOR LIFE
Leeds for Life helps students get the most out of their time at university by supporting their personal and academic development, giving them skills and attributes to help them succeed academically and impress potential employers.
 
Visit the Leeds for Life website to explore the resources available to staff and students.
Leeds for Life has a number of key functions:

Supports personal tutoring by providing online forms which aid preparation for your tutorials, helping students and personal tutors to get the most out of their meetings.
Promotes skills-development opportunities for students within their school, the University, Leeds University Union or the community.
Explains the Leeds Curriculum concept of  "broadening" and enables students to explore the 10 Discovery Themes and, where applicable, build a list of discovery modules before online enrolment.
Provides access to career profiles of University of Leeds alumni through the Leeds Network.
Provides students with a personal development timeline to record their experiences and achievements.
Provides all undergraduate students with access to their Leeds for Life Higher Education Achievement Record (LfL HEAR), which includes their academic transcript as well as a record of University prizes and University-validated significant achievements.
LEEDS FOR LIFE FOUNDATION
The Leeds for Life Foundation provides funding to help students undertake projects to develop their skills and benefit others. Funding is also available for students to attend academic conferences.
Visit the Leeds for Life website for details of the schemes on offer and the application processes for each.


STUDENTS INTO SCHOOLS
Through this scheme, students can undertake a placement in a school as part of their degree or as a voluntary activity.
 Our Students into Schools programme offers students the opportunity to develop their skills in an educational setting. It’s a well-established scheme that sees around 400 undergraduates and postgraduates help to raise the attainment and aspirations of young people in more than 70 schools and colleges across Leeds and West Yorkshire each year.
HOW DOES IT HELP STUDENTS?
Students can choose to participate in the programme as part of their degree and receive academic credit or as a voluntary activity aside from their degree. The placements benefit the students because they:

get the opportunity to find out if teaching is the career for them
receive training delivered by education professionals
develop transferable skills relevant to an array of graduate jobs
can give back to the local community by helping with young people’s education in areas that need it most.
GET YOUR STUDENTS INVOLVED
For more information on getting your school or faculty involved in the programme, email us or call us on 0113 343 3762.



STUDENT SOCIETIES
The Leeds University Union offers students the choice of over 250 clubs and societies to get involved with.
 CLUBS AND SOCIETIES
One of the most popular opportunities that students have during their time in Leeds is joining a club or society, operated through Leeds University Union. With over 250 different activities on offer, students can choose between interests ranging from sport to faith to culture to media and everything in between. As well as being a great way to meet like-minded people, being active in societies can enhance the experience of being a student and encourage the development of skills and interests that can be useful throughout future life.
Students can access the full range of clubs and societies through the Leeds University Union website.
STUDENT REPS
There are a range of ways in which students can get involved as reps - in their school, hall of residence, on the student exec or in the community.
Students can get involved as reps in several different contexts. Colleagues may be most familiar with school reps on student:staff forums, but there are also reps on the Hall Executive, Activities Executive and out in the community. Reps are recruited, trained and coordinated by Leeds University Union (LUU).
You might also encourage students to demonstrate their leadership potential and stand for election to the Student Executive in LUU.
UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH AND LEADERSHIP SCHOLARSHIPS
These scholarships provide funding from alumni to enable undergraduate students to develop their research and leadership capability by taking part in established academic research projects.The Undergraduate Research and Leadership Scholarships allow students to prepare for future research and leadership roles in further study or employment. 
Scholars receive funding to enable them to undertake two 6-week periods of project work during the summer vacations at the end of their first and second year, and this is supplemented by tailored research, leadership and teamwork training on and off campus. Scholars also benefit from the personal development opportunities provided by a range of (paid) ambassadorial activities in support of the Scholarship scheme and of student education and research activities in their Faculty /School.
Further information is available from Rebecca Shaw in the Student Opportunity and Enhancement team and guidelines will soon be available to download from this page.
LEEDSFORLIFE REFRESH
We are refreshing LeedsforLife as part of the University's focus on continually improving the experiences of our students.

Our LeedsforLife commitment continues to be at the very heart of Student Education at the University, empowering students to make the most of their time at Leeds and beyond. 
Through this refresh project, we are updating the communications around LeedsforLife as well as introducing new digital tools through PebblePad – our new ePortfolio system, which will host valuable insights from our new bespoke Learning Analytics system.
Using these tools, students will be able to lead discussions with their academic personal tutors, who will work in partnership with them towards their academic and personal goals. 
This project is overseen by the LeedsforLife Strategy Group, a sub-group of the Student Experience and Success Strategy Group. Developments will be in place for the start of the 2021/22 academic year. 
THE LEEDSFORLIFE VISION
 
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? 
We will share regular updates through this project page. So please visit regularly for all the latest on the refresh of LeedsforLife, including 'dates for your diary' for training and Q&A sessions. 
WATCH: DID YOU MISS OUR LEEDSFORLIFE Q&A SESSIONS? CATCH UP HERE…
WATCH THE FULL LEEDSFORLIFE Q&A PRESENTATION SLIDE DECK
WEB DECOMMISSION LIST AND PROPOSED DIRECTION OF FUNCTIONS
 
WHAT CAN I DO NOW?
WATCH SIX SHORT VIDEOS INTRODUCING PEBBLEPAD
WATCH A SHORT VIDEO COVERING FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT LEARNING ANALYTICS
WATCH A QUICK VIDEO RUN THROUGH OF HOW THE LEARNING ANALYTICS DASHBOARD WILL WORK.
READ THE PRINCIPLES OF THE LEARNING ANALYTICS PROGRAMME 
READ AN OUTLINE OF THE LEARNING ANALYTICS CODE OF PRACTICE
READ THE TAUGHT STUDENT EDUCATION BOARD REPORT ON ACADEMIC PERSONAL TUTORING (APT)
 
DATES FOR YOUR DIARY 
June/July - Training for academic personal tutors using the new LeedsforLife tools 
August – Students given access to new LeedsforLife tools as part of Welcome, Induction and Transition 
September – All LeedsforLife tools available to taught students and their academic personal tutors 
 
WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU... 
It was great to hear from so many colleagues at our recent Q&A sessions. Thanks for sharing your views about the LeedsforLife Refresh. This is an ongoing process, so please keep in touch with any questions or comments.   
Email the project team on: LeedsforLife@leeds.ac.uk
STUDENT SUPPORT
Providing students with appropriate support, whether in relation to disability, personal tutoring, emergency situations or counselling, helps to ensure they can make the most of their studies.
 
ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS
The University takes care to ensure its assessment methods and processes are effective, valid and transparent and have integrity.
 
QUALITY ASSURANCE
Quality assurance underpins the University’s excellence in student education. Find information about our quality assurance mechanisms here.
 
BOOKINGS, EVENTS AND FORMS
Information about contacts, the Student Education Service, viewing teaching timetables, making room bookings and training and development. Also includes policies and key documents and a calendar.
 
ABOUT THE STUDENT EDUCATION SERVICE
Find information about training, academic roles and general information about the Student Education Service
TRAINING & IMPORTANT DATES

	IMPORTANT DATES UPCOMING TRAINING
JUL
13
Module Enrolment
Module Enrolment opens for returning undergraduate students
 
JUL
23
Teaching ends (Cohort 5)
Teaching ends (cohort 5).
 
AUG
30
University closed
University closed for August Bank Holiday.
KEY PEOPLE

Catherine Lorigan
CATHERINE HAS RESPONSIBILITY FOR STUDENT FINANCE, PROGRAMMES AND ASSESSMENT, QUALITY ASSURANCE, POSTGRADUATE RESEARCH AND SUPPORT, STUDENT COUNTER SERVICES AND UKBA COMPLIANCE AND SUPPORT.

Catherine joined us from Santander UK, where she was Head of Cards Service Delivery. Over the past 15 years she also worked for GE Capital Bank Ltd and Williams Lea UK Ltd, managing large-scale programmes of organisational change, technical solutions delivery and customer service improvement.
Catherine Lorigan Director of Student Operations  
Luke Windsor Dean of Postgraduate Research Studies

CONTACTS
TAUGHT AND RESEARCH STUDENT OPERATIONS STUDENT FINANCE ADMISSIONS STUDENT OPPORTUNITY STUDENT SUPPORT ASSESSMENT AND EXAMS QUALITY ASSURANCE BOOKINGS, EVENTS AND FORMS ABOUT THE STUDENT EDUCATION SERVICE ABOUT
                                                                                     Taught and research student operations                                                                                                                 Student Finance                                                                                                                 Admissions                                                                                                                 Student Opportunity                                                                                                                 Student Support                                                                                                                 Assessment and exams                                                                                                                 Quality Assurance                                                                                                                 Bookings, events and forms                                                                                                                 About the Student Education Service                                                                                                                 About                                                                                                                             
Taught and research student operations
REGISTRATION, ENROLMENT AND ATTENDANCE GENERAL CONTACT
Email: enrolment@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 XXXX
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For queries about the module enrolment system, Banner module sections and compulsory blocks
REGISTRATION, ENROLMENT AND ATTENDANCE
Email: registration@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 7000
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For queries about student registration, including online registration and identity checks.
TIMETABLING
Email: timetable@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 4009
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Contact us if you need to book a room at the last minute or have a query about the timetabling process.
PROGRAMME AND MODULE CATALOGUES
Email: catalogue@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 7543
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For queries regarding the module and programme catalogues
Student Finance
STUDENT FINANCE GENERAL CONTACT
Email: ssc@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 8877
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: The Student Services Centre counter staff can help with queries about accommodation, finance, administrative queries, research students and more.
FUNDING AND AWARDS
Email: funding@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 2007
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Queries about funding - access to learning fund, study abroad, external funding, student loans.
FEES AND CHARGES
Email: Form21@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 6700
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Form21 submission and queries.
FEES AND CHARGES
Email: PGfees@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 6700
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Queries about postgraduate (including research degree) tuition and exam fees –instalment plans, changing payment details and how to pay tuition and exam charges.
FEES AND CHARGES
Email: Ugfees@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 6700
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Queries about undergraduate tuition and exam fees –instalment plans, changing payment details and how to pay tuition and exam charges.
Admissions
ADMISSIONS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: study@leeds.ac.uk agentenquiries@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 2336 / 0113 343 4044
Location:
Description: For general enquiries from external applicants and agents
ADMISSIONS
Email: ug_enquiry@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3920
Location:
Description: For internal undergraduate and taught postgraduate admissions queries , including offer-making and qualifications guidance, fees assessments and CASs.
Student Opportunity
STUDENT OPPORTUNITY GENERAL CONTACT
Email: K.M.Shaw@leeds.ac.uk
Phone:
Location:
Description:
EMPLOYABILITY
Email: careerscentre@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 5295
Location: Cromer Terrace
Description: Student Careers supports students to help them make informed decisions about their future and preparing them to compete in a global graduate job market. We do this through a range of activities delivered by our Central and Faculty Employability Teams.
EMPLOYABILITY
Email: employerteam@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 5290
Location: Cromer Terrace
Description: To contact the Employer Engagement Team
Student Support
DISABLED STUDENTS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: disability@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3927
Location: Chemistry West building
Description: Disability Services provides advice, guidance and support to both current and prospective disabled students. We work closely and in partnership with disabled students, academic departments and other services to improve access and navigate barriers for disabled students. Opening hours: Monday – Friday from 9am to 5 pm.
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Email: internationalstudents@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3930
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: The International Student Office provides specialist immigration advice along with welcome and orientation support for international students. Opening hours: 9am - 4.45pm Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri 10am - 4.45pm Wed. Immigration drop-in 10:30am Mon - Fri
Assessment and exams
EXAMS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: examinations@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 3981
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For questions relating to University exams.
RESEARCH STUDENT ASSESSMENT
Email: rp_examinations@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 4003
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Postgraduate Research and Operations (Examinations) oversees and supports all elements of the examination process for all research students, supervisors, Postgraduate Research Tutors, internal and external examiners
Quality Assurance
QUALITY ASSURANCE GENERAL CONTACT
Email: QAT@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 2338
Location: 12.81 EC Stoner Building
Description: The Quality Assurance Team supports the development of learning and teaching policy and procedures.
Bookings, events and forms
BOOKINGS, EVENTS AND FORMS GENERAL CONTACT
Email: sescommunications@leeds.ac.uk
Phone:
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: For feedback on the website/newsletter or if information needs changing and updating
ROOM BOOKINGS
Email: timetable@leeds.ac.uk
Phone: 0113 343 4009
Location: Marjorie and Arnold Ziff building
Description: Contact us if you need to book a room at the last minute or have a query about the timetabling process.
About the Student Education Service
About
  

